djfjkdfjkjkffdk edited
Faith has exhibited enthusiasm in taking on the project at hand. She has already shown promising signs in understanding the core concepts of software engineering. I look forward discovering more as time goes on.
He now has now understood the structure of grails and how different components relate. Understands the process of getting API's from MTN
The Intern was oriented on ICT setup and Infrastructure of Soroti University, drafted workplan and started off the Internship. Simon was encouraged to take the Internship seriously as there was a lot to learn.
The student was oriented on the organization structure, developed workplan for the 4 week internship and participated in assessment of printers for servicing.  He acquired both technical and teamwork skills at workplace.
Activities well completed
finished on time
The student's weekly progress was justifiably good, characterized with enthusiasm to learning more.
Noted
She found this very interesting as she was able to identify, know problems associated an his to overcome them.
Partially done, expected a better result based on Steven's experienced. More effort needed ...
Done to partial satisfaction. Hopefully learning points were picked.
Confirmed done as specified.
He faced some problem of identifying the symbols, and other parts but he asked questions and made an effort to learn. Very good
This activity took some time to be completed, but it was completed to my satisfaction.
He knows the requirements of how and his to install, setting up a network and managing it.
A little delays and constant supervision. The task has been finally completed, and reviewed by the line supervisor. Good job Mahad.
He seemed not to have an idea about setting up a structured network but now I know he can do a lot more
Student learnt and demonstrated system administration skill by creating emails for drivers, performed data backups, and troubleshooting of computer hardware and local area network.
Noted and tasks completed
Stephen was diligent in his work. He made effort to resolve issues that were assigned to him.

He has a quick understanding of technical problems and he tries his best to solve them independently. 

Stephen is a quick learner and he has great future ahead of him in the software engineering field.
Noted and confirmed
He has very good knowledge of the whole process of installation.
Learning target achieved
She has knowledge of this topic and can identify and use the devices
I assigned him two tasks.  One was to learn the basics of software engineering (That is building architecture and the software process work flaw), and he has done them well. I  wanted him to learn git so that we can be working remotely as he learns, therefore I will be monitoring his code from Github. I realized that previously he knew nothing about Git, but now he knows something that can get him started.
I assigned him two tasks.  One was to learn the basics of software engineering (That is building architecture and the software process work flaw), and he has done them well. I wanted him to learn git so that we can be working remotely as he learns, therefore I will be monitoring his code from Github. I realized that previously he knew nothing about Git, but now he knows something that can get him started.
He was still having problems with using Jquery and Vue JS on the same interface, I advised him to use different master pages and only use the same CSS on both to avoid conflicts. But he is still working, it is steady progress
Good attitude and resilience. This is a good start
He is very interested in learning new things like the commands for system admins and other things otherwise very well performed
Good progress. I expect more from the student as we work together during this period.
Good time keeper with much interest on networks
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Has a good attendance record.
Error rate is acceptable, and all work is completed timely.
Took him some time to catch up with UNIX commands but great performance
He's a quick learner, has a few ideas on the wordpress tasks and he's copying well.
The student was able to install printer drivers. He was able to demonstrate file transfer through file access links on different computers. He was able to identify the compatible RAM  for the computer in question. He also was able to create rules to folders in MS outlook 2010.
With more practice, he will be able to operate with minimal supervision.
She needs more practice otherwise very interested
She knows about her hardware and can identify and troubleshoot related problems
The student is well organized, willing to learn and innovative
As stated, the internet blackout halted progress.
She has already learned the basics of data analysis in pandas, which is key to the main task which is developing data visualizations. 
She has also presented a conceptual model for the API design for the data that will be required to implement the dashboards.
This part was challenging to him especially with the configurations and terminations otherwise he makes effort to see that things work at the end of it all
I gave him a task to work (improve) on the front end of a system that is already in production at this company, and he has been progressing well, I realized he knows some programming concepts, so I need to introduce him to real-world problems so he can find solutions to them. He is generally doing well, he will ask where he does not understand.
He has some knowledge about IP addresses and now is able to put them in practice
quite impressive
This week went well. Had a fair amount of tech debt clearance and some feature additions.
This week had good development momentum. No issues from me.
He knows about IP addresses which is very good and now I believe he knows how to enter them and interconnect and configure different devices
This week had slower momentum due to some miscalculations on our part.
This week's work was mostly about reducing tech debt and improving pull request quality. There is a lot of progress being made on this front by all team members.
No notable issues came up to my attention in regard to tasks execution. I am also happy that Benjamin gets to help out on pull request reviews.
Tasks execution went well. No notable issues from me per their execution.
OK
This weeks progress was derailed due to Health issues by Benjamin. We hope next week will be better.
Tasks execution went well. No notable issues from me per their execution.
Good attempt and great enthusiasm
This was new to him but now is well knowledgeable about setting up a network
The student acquired skills in networks. Simon was very participative and inquisitive to learn more.
She can identify and troubleshoot the different components of a UPS
The student acquired hands on skills on installation and configuration of network devices and network layout.
She has performed well as she is asking and contributing to the identification and solving problems associated with a UPS
She is now knowledgeable about the different symbols associated with a UPS
She is able to identify the different parts of a computer. Very good
She has performed very well as she can identity the different components
She has the knowledge but finds difficulty when starting the installation process
She has performed this very well with no hardship
The process is kind of challenging especially with the bios page otherwise during the installation she follows quite well
She needs more practice in terminating cables otherwise has knowledge of networking
She has learnt how the aspects of wireless networks work and can put them in practice
This is new to her but is serious on knowing what should be done
Notable presence of passion for graphics design and development
She quickly adapted to the use of Javascript for front end development however if possible more research in that direction would increase perfection hence help her to work faster
He was given a task to do different code snippets with PHP before he can start on a real-world project, He has done well all the basics of PHP  With this he is good to go, Next is going to be combining JS, PHP, MySQL, and HTML. This will put him at a level of programming small projects for the start.
Student started learning how to deal in corporate environments.
The student took on a new language and development platform - Django and Python and progressed well on a weekly basis, managing to develop a task management application for the development unit.
Good start. More research needed.
Good attitude towards challenges and willingness to learn. Well done.
MS Angella is very smart, articulate, calm, ready to learn and willing to face the challenge. Ms Angella settles in well with the existing team who warmly welcomed her. Good luck with this attachment.
Some more bug fixes and task finally completed. A report submitted, and I have reviewed the task. I should say, this was good progress.
Also setup cPanel, uploaded the site files and enabled SSL. 
A few bugs to be sorted though.
Well done
The configuration were done successful as expected
She has mastered her hardware knowledge and now can identify and troubleshoot problems
OK
This includes how an Office telephone extension if created 
I)	Placing the telephone set in position
II)	Terminating the cable connecting the desk top phone to the general network running to the PABX.
III)	Creating the extension number
IV)	Configuring it for a desk phone
V)	Fixing a card on a server(PBX)

The student also did work concerning printer basic management. This included replenishing a printer's tonner.
The trainee also replaced  a laptop's Micro-processor.
student started on development.
Doing computer revision was great. I found out that the University had done a great job in the area of computer studies, which made my work a lot more easier during the internship.
He has been given an assignment to work on his personal website in wordpress and has to post news on on the channel 44 website on a daily basis. He's copying well.
The student participated in ToT in Moodle LMS. He acquired administrative skills to manage Moodle LMS
This was king kind of new to her but put it into practice very well.
She is very well knowledgeable and asks when not sure of something.
She has performed very well in the whole process of setting up a network, assigning IP addresses to sharing resources. Keep it up
She is catching up very well as she contributes and asks questions were she doesn't know. Very good work done
student understood the importance of software drivers and was able to distinguish printer drivers based on printer models. Student was also able to understand and use inbuilt windows utility tools.
He knows how to identify a particular system especially a UPS but found if challenging to point out specific components which am sure now can do very well
Noted and well done.
He performed very well as he is able to setup a network and share resources
Done to the supervisor's satisfaction.
He is putting in effort and understands the concept of resource sharing
He is familiar with this concept of routers as he was able to execute the work given very well
Done
This was completed to my satisfaction
He is understanding the concept of networking very well and can setup, share from both wired and wireless networks
She is very determined to know were she has a problem as she asks
Great enthusiasm and self drive.
Tasks well done. Good work
He is very inquisitive and committed to the learning process
Actively involved him self in the tasks
Student performed well.
Student developed database.
He was given a task to do different code snippets with PHP before he can start on a real-world project, He has done well all the basics of PHP, With this, he is good to go.
Completed to my satisfaction
Completed within the time frame specified.
Competed to my satisfaction.
Completed to my satisfaction
Good work by the student
Student master the principles faster. He delivers the right thing and on time.
He has the interest of learning new and challenging things as he was able to understand and implement wireless networks
Good attitude and enthusiasm
Good resilience traits and team work
At the end of that week, he presented a complete definition of the User interface that all stakeholders liked. All pages were well aligned and presentable, he was putting custom CSS and bootstrap together with back end data.
Accomplished the tasks and the websites were tested locally
Implemented mobile money payment from a third party provider. He has to use an API from MTN for a more feasible solution
I am impressed by Belinda's front end skills and ability to design information systems.
She has managed to analyze the data that was handed to her and generate UI wireframes for the visualization in a web application
The enthusiasm to learn that has been displayed and exercised is a good indicator of a serious person/student. Keep it up, Ms Angella. The sky will be the limit if this attitude is taken up in your upcoming career.
Successfully finished the tasks
Active in all tasks available
Forms were developed
quite impresive and on time
Developed website
He now knows the importance of a network and how to share resources
OK
OK
OK
Very much eager to learn and involve her self more in the activities
OK
The pizza system has come a long way and it seems to have helped her learn how to navigate challenges. I would like to see it implemented in the business world in future if possible
student progressed well.
Checked and completed
Checked and completed
He understood the concept of hardware very well given his prior knowledge about some of the things.
This was new to him but nevertheless he managed to implement each aspect we talked about. Good work done
He knows things to do with IP addresses theoretically but now am sure he know his to apply them too
He is very determined yo learn new things as most of the things talked about were new. Otherwise very good listener
This was a bit challenging in the beginning but picked up and understood the concept
She is a quick learner and can put things into practice
Bridget was a very smart and active intern who showed interest in her assignments. She was always asking questions and very inquisitive though she had some difficulty with the terms used in the office. She has a high spirit of team work and was getting along with the staff well. She exhibited very good knowledge in networks and was good in application of networking skills. I noticed she pays close attention to instructions given to her and she was on track. I am very confident that her internship is going to be valuable because she is very disciplined and always seeking new ideas and knowledge.
Namugema is very focused and good at time management. The tasks given to her were assessed and she was excellent and submitted them in time despite the internet shut down. She is always seeking  feedback and positively responds to criticism. She did all of the tasks asked of her and more. She felt comfortable enough to trust her instincts and handled many situations which alleviated much of our work load. I and the staff were all very impressed by her ability to assess the work and get things accomplished in a short work day. Our department trusted her to deal with device and network troubleshooting on her own, and she always delivered above and
beyond. I expected her to come in each day and know exactly what had to get done. She also did this with ease and was great about updating me, asked intelligent questions and picked everything up very quickly, which was the biggest advantage. She surpassed all expectations and really ran with everything we handed to her. I was very impressed with her communication, leadership, self-driven skills and traits as well as commitment to her work. There are times when she could report a bit late but used the time when in the office productively and accomplished a lot in the short time she was available. She was helpful to the staff and gave assistance.
Namugema is highly intelligent, well organized, and motivated to work on varied assignments. Billbrain Technologies Ltd and staff were very impressed with her work ethics, enthusiasm, and drive. As indicated above she demonstrated a good base knowledge which allowed us to assign our internal financial transactions management system design and analysis to her to work our project team. Her work product was thorough, attention to detail was exceptional and she will a dedicated and ideal employee or leader to any company considering her for employment.
Namugema Bridget has served as an intern with particular distinction. Her initiative to learn about business processes and do more hands on for system design was commendable. Bridget has great organizational skills, uses initiative and always follows through. I believe it has been a positive learning experience, learning some basic business etiquette (especially in a hierarchical
institution).  Awesome leadership skills, computer competency, very good communication skills, great team player and cooperation, fantastic time management, hardworking spirit are a great description of Bridget. Her internship time has been remarkable and we look forward to working with her any time. Overall she is an excellent intern and has been resourceful. She surely deserves an A
Sherinah is conscientious and confident in her work, she's a very personable individual, has very good work ethics and follows direction well. she's so inquisitive and always demands to know more about new things concerning the tasks given and asks questions on different sides of life.

she's was much more conversant with networking and had most of the networking skills and she was good at it.

Sherinah has been disciplined and a very passionate woman who wants to learn and improve on herself every day.

Its an Excellent for me.
Nantambi Sherinah displayed strong organizational skills. These combined with outstanding social skills and a dedicated work ethic made her an outstanding asset to our IT team, so intelligent and committed to the work, Her sense of purpose and professionalism
will see her far in the career path of her choice, she could take more initiative, self-confidence, excellent prospects. she clearly showed a genuine interests during her tasks and could submit them in time as expected. she was a good time keeper that is to say, she could make it  to the office early in the morning in order to start up her given tasks, however there are days she used to come at the office a little bit late but she had strong evident reasons, she is confident and self driven, she's has got leadership skills and good communication skills as well.
its a pleasure to work with her because she is very diligent, responsible. has great ideas and besides all that, her verbal communication skills have improved greatly since the 1st day she started her internship.
Nantambi is a quick learner and continues to learn all of the aspects of working on on-line learning. There is a wide range of work to be done at Billbrain Technologies and thus far, she has jumped in head-first to learn the many aspects of the company. she recently requested additional work which shows me she is confident in her capabilities. she is an excellent asset to our company (BILLBRAIN TECHNOLOGIES LDT) and brought new and innovative ideas to the table. she will be greatly missed. she has served as an intern with particular distinction. she is highly intelligent, very well organized, and motivated to work on varied assignments. Very hard working, good ideas; needs a little work on taking constructive criticism, she is a tremendous help to us that is to say, she was able to put together all of the information that was needed in a precise research and computer skills, communication skills are some of the best I’ve seen in her. she makes a difficult task look easy, and can articulate her findings with extreme clarity. she is always willing to do whatever needs to be done and has a great personality.

 she’s a great intern with a bright future.
A very committed Student. He's been able to finish his tasks on time
Billbrain staff, stake holders and I are satisfied with Sherinah's overall performance. I certainly would consider her for a more permanent job in the future, she did all of the tasks asked of her and more. She felt comfortable enough
to trust her instincts and handled many situations which alleviated much of our work load. We were all very impressed by her ability to assess the work and get things accomplished in a short work day. Our IT department trusted her to deal with our Websites with her intern team, and they  always delivered above and beyond. I expected Nantambi to come in each day and know exactly what had to get done. She also did this with ease and was great about updating me, asked
intelligent questions and picked everything up very quickly, which was the biggest advantage. She surpassed all expectations and really ran with everything we handed to her.
I would like to express what an amazing intern Nantambi Sherinah was for me and our for the short period we interacted with her, truly one of a kind. She was unbelievably responsible, poised, professional, personable, and a great team member!  she did an excellent job during her internship program. She shows a strong desire to learn and great maturity. She was given many different tasks and completed all with little guidance. I believe that she has an amazing future ahead of her in information system and anywhere else. She is the type of person that people want to work with and be around which is rare. I hope she is
proud of what she accomplished here.
Great progress
Good progress, he's a quick learner and very positive. He has been able to complete the assigned tasks in the required time period despite the difficulty in the internet connection.
All assignments well done.
He is a quick learner,  completed the task, and meant the acceptance criteria.
He should improve on the speed of completing as many tasks as possible in a week.
He should improve on team work.
The student was taken through the steps followed to configure desk phone extensions in an office. He was eager to learn and his level of enthusiasm reveals a good progress.
He was also taken through fixing of different errors on computers related to internal and peripheral components.
We are looking forward to giving him chance to more practice.
Good work.
He is serious and hardworking as he is able to make research of the things done before. Good work
The Intern attended with staff ToT on Moodle E-learning Management System were he acquired admin skills
The Intern participated in configuration of wireless networks where he showed confidence and skills in managing wireless networks.
She has the idea about these wireless networks and with more practice will become very good
All the above tasks were completed
She now knows the challenges with wireless networks and can deal with them
Tasks well completed.
Good attitude amidst challenges. Well done
He has some bit of understanding of how Javascript works, and how it saves the user time and data as they move from page to page. He can send data from the user interface to the back end (Server-side) through Ajax.
She is picking up so well and with persistency will be excellent
She participates actively to see that she learns
Assignments well done. Good team work skills.
Good attempt, more practice and research needed.
Practically she is well versed with Microsoft office applications, which is widely used by many professionals.
Student was able to deploy synology server and created server volumes, installed active directory server, active directory backup for business and create users and user groups.
Student also configured Mikrotic router and Lynksys router. There by demonstrating Network and server management skills.
Student equally prepared reports in excel and word processing about list of computers and the users.
The student acquired more hands on network skills in regards to wireless networks. He also participated in the installation and administration  of Proxmox Virtual environment and installation of Ubuntu 20.04 server
Willingness to learn and face new challenges with ease.
Task well-executed, and delivered. Thank you, Mahad for the dedication.
Student developed well.
He is able to troubleshoot and fix a problem which is very good
The work was well done and with more practice will be better
This week, he produced the animated front page, with attractive motions, the most important section (Pricing and subscription) was also added and it was fully functional.
He likes to encounter new things and pats attention to understand the ideas
Given the desire to learn attributes, I can testify that Ms Angella can practically set up a basic LAN, WAN and Access control infrastructure. Thank you for putting theory to practice.
During this period where there was a shortage of staff in the department, Ms Angella filled in the gap by setting up various laptops and in record time we managed to issue them to the end-users and projects personnel. Thank you for the tireless effort and delivery on time.
She did not do this at our company
Student acquired and demonstrated practical knowledge in networking by assigning IP addresses manually and understood the practical DHCP operation. Student also created users and user groups in the server  thus got familiar with  user management.
Good software developer and a quick learner.
Successful in this week's tasks. He will now work with  YSAVE MEMBER SYSTEM, and improve the application
Promising progress. Student takes effort to solve all challenges.
Database successfully created.
He successfully created an HTML form, to capture student's records.
He successfully designed an eye catching interface using bootstrap and CSS
Douglas' ability to multitask makes him a promising developer. I wish him the very best.
He successfully created a database for a movie store
He successfully created an HTML form to capture students details
He successfully designed eye catching interfaces using bootstrap and CSS
I am impressed with Godfrey's desire of learning how to code systems from scratch. If he can continue brushing up his coding skills,  he will be a greater developer.
She has the interest in making sure things workout and with more practice will become better
The student was able to demonstrate transfer and replacement of computer/laptop components, such as key board, replacement of CMOS battery, replacement of laptop motherboard. He was also charged with recording computing devices in the IT store and updating the information in the inventory. 
The work was well done.
This week, Joseph learned and implemented USSD and SMS using Object-Oriented PHP and MySQL, He also learned how to deploy PHP applications and a live server, He now knows how to install libraries using composer (A command-line application used to install external libraries into a PHP application). He has known how to prepare the application procedure before starting to code.
He was new to security but he did well on the assignment and has interacted well with the cpanel.
Assignments well done. Good enthusiasm too
Nice piece of work done.
Beautiful website made. More practice and research
She did not do this at our company
All tasks have been completed in time as instructed
Being that she is a person who pays attention to details, mastering Graphics design was a lot easier than I expected. She  has great knowledge about industrial dominating tools such as Adobe Illustrator, that is highly used world wide for Designs. I therefore recommend the University to add more emphasis to practical fields such as Graphics and design, so as to prepare the students for any job challenge in the real world.
He completed the task, meant the acceptance criteria, and completed it within a minimal time frame.
Good attempt and attitude amidst challenges.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Has a good attendance record.
Error rate is acceptable, and all work is completed timely.
He added the functionality and its functioning well.
Faith's progress has once again been impressive. She thinks out of the box and is willing to learn, which will take her very far in the field of software engineering. There is still a lot for her to learn but I believe she possesses the right qualities to keep improving.
Faith has displayed knowledge in the various steps involved during the Software Development Life Cycle. She is keen on reaching the implementation step but she is well aware of what is involved in the design stage with provides a smooth transition towards implementation.
This was a very productive week. A lot of progress was made by Benjamin and team.
This week was productive. Benjamin and team executed well.
Tasks and assignments well completed. Good interaction during lessons
All task were completed
She had good knowledge about the foundation of the web especially from the University. So Introducing her to the practice of Website development and design was easier. I recommend continued practice in this area.
She is eager to learn new technologies. This can be seen by how much questions she asks during the training sessions.
The Internee was given an exercise of adding a splash screen, a progress bar, and a recycler view  using Java language in android studio.
The purpose of this was to help the internee to express advancement in his software development environment.
This was done successfully.
However, he has also to do more in adding top nav bar and creating a dashboard
Well completed
Excellent
He was able to complete and demo all the tasks assigned, excellent performance for DevOps.
It was a good and quick activity, because most of the things like creating databases on live server, and uploading sources were being done by him.
She did not do this at our company
Student has kicked off the bootcamp stage and started gaining further capacity in the various concepts of software engineering that will enable him gain  capacity to deliver a software product.
Student has demonstrated some a foundation and background knowledge in database design and implementation and there is great room for improvement.
Student has finalised learning of database design. Great team work demonstrated. He is new to the S.O.L.I.D and needs to learn these very fast.
Deployment learnt and other tasks accomplished on time. Students needs to adopt to fast pace learning.
Student is exposed to new concepts in TDD and Design Patterns and needs to learn and practice these early enough. Pull up your socks
Applied and demonstrated how to build and run tests. Individual project on TDD delivered.
Student has gained some knowledge in BDD but slow at implementation. Great work for improvement.
Demonstrated ability to implement CI/CD in a real project. Great work this week.
Student has prior knowledge in code refactoring and some insights in debugging and code smells. Great foundation by university.
Student introduced to Team at Laboremus and he has began on interaction with client to establish requirements. Team work with new team assigned needs improvement.
Vision and scope document presented and student has to do some improvements based on client input. Requirements elicitation techniques.
Vision and scope delivered student has started on the SRS, his documentation skills are improving
Great research work demonstrated in trying to produce the SDD. Version 1 delivered on time with his team
ERD and its related documentation delivered, clients with so many changes so final version yet to be approved. Great team leadership by student in sharing knowledge with his team members.
Student together with team has delivered and mockup designs for the system.
Task of project planning and role assignment done. Student has assumed the role of front end development
Project initiation and tools done on time, break off for holidays.
Festive season. Nothing evaluated
Front end mock up for users that implemented as required by the student. Need to make better improvements on it.
Some time taken for student to adjust to the back-end and gain capacity and implement his news tasks
Internet shut down has affected the pace of the student that of the team.
Feature 2 of system not fully done and some other pending tasks. Student needs to gain faster pace.
Internet shut down has further affected the pace of the student that of the team.
Project behind timeline but student has ability to accomplish the tasks. Internet is back and student has picked up pace once again.
Project timeline on track. Great team work. Student is now doing code review and improvements.
With initial testing, some bugs detected and  student has demonstrated the ability to read errors and bugs plus the ability to debug  them
Project still on going in the last phases but most of the tasks accomplished and ready for final presentation
Good conduct and time keeping.
Ms. Angella's attentiveness and desire to learn what she is not familiar with is very admirable. Thank you for this drive. Software installations can be done independently which is very good to see.
MS. Angella's willingness to learn and drive to seek clarity ranks her as a super learner. Well done Angella.
He completed the task, meant the acceptance criteria, and completed it within a minimal time frame.
Using android Studio
The trainee was tasked with the continuation of the last week’s pending work including adding top nav bar, creating a dashboard and filtering a recycler view, using Java language in android studio.

In web development, using HTML
The trainee was given an exercise of adding a favicon to a website in HTML.
The purpose of this was to help the trainee to learn more concerning web development.

It was a good experience seeing him exercise a good progress while learning.
Work well done, good attitude amidst challenges.
Tasks well completed, nice website done.
Looking forward to the final report
Looking forward to receiving the final report
The UI he made was responsive and beautiful
He faced challenges with the IDE but with my helping hand he accomplished the task.
She is a quick learner and a person who pays attention to details. I encourage her to take on more practices in Web programming in order to master it and meet the market standard.
She was able to design her first website using the technologies learned. Given the small time period since the time the internship started, i say it was impressive. She however she needs to improve on her project management skills especially time.
He could be relied on for completing his tasks on time.
He tried his best to meet attendance despite the challenge of slow internet
He took the initiative to consult where he needed assistance
He scheduled his time off in advance to coordinate with the backend developer which was impressive
He consulted for better understanding which helped his progress.
Despite the time it required him to get tasks done, he gave in time and extra effort to see to it that things got done.
He had the will to wait until he got in the right corner with the requirements for the good of his performance.
He completed the task, meant the acceptance criteria, and completed it within a minimal time frame.
He followed his schedule and adhered to designated breaks for him as advised
We worked together to pull resources and the necessary data together, which helped the taking up of his tasks.
As was the usual, he communicated openly with his team and asked for assistance where necessary
He took the initiative to ask for assistance
He took the time to listen as we reviewed his performance
I noted that he was embracing the culture of knowledge sharing in his research which in itself answered some of his questions.
He was building good relationships with the team
He effectively communicates
He has a willingness to listen which helps his learning
He's a great team player
He supports others in integrating and fulfilling their tasks
He did his very best to get tasks done
He gave the team members an opportunity to teach him and he was a good learner
He can be relied upon by the team mates
He works to be the best for the team
He delivers urgently when he has all necessary resources which eases our work and betters his learning
He expertly prioritizes work
He exceeded my expectations by delivering more than the assigned work
He makes the best use of his time
He expertly prioritizes his work without getting tangled in unnecessary detail
She need to invest more time experimenting with what she has learnt and not stick to only what has been taught or discussed during the internship sessions. Her overall progress is promising.
He is always willing to learn new skills and demonstrate them practically
This was the first activity during the networking session. He did great in the surveying exercise as well as diagramming and quantifying the bills needed for the Network Project.
Very active and practical student and paid clear attention during the demonstration of the Wireless Security Administration before availing him the devices
He managed to configure the Networking Devices first in the Cisco Packet Tracer and later shifted to Live Machine configurations using the Putty software, Console Cable. The configurations involved VLAN, VLAN Trunking, Inter-VLAN Routing, Switch port Security, as well as EIGRP and ACL. I do believe he demonstrate the configuration of protocols very well.
He designed a multi page WordPress site and customized it to match the assigned design and requirements
He managed to design a website using CMS (WordPress) and later hosting it using 60 days free Trial hosting service provided by SmarterASP.net . I do believe he do thorough Domain registration and Web hosting
He demonstrated good  knowledge and understanding of the Motherboard components, troubleshooting Motherboard problems.
This was a public holiday and the office was not yet open to official duties
Muwanga Ian was very active during this session of Operating Systems. He managed to Install Windows 10 Enterprise and Windows 8  Professional as well the Device drivers.
This activity involved introductory usage of the OS environment and preparing for installation which included making bootable devices that is DVD and Flash disks
She needs to learn to manage her time properly so she can deliver on assignments.
She continues to prove herself by never failing to deliver on assignments.
he was a quick understanding student in my class
She works well with her fellow interns, asks where she does not understand is always ready to help out others.
Ms Angella's work attitude is excellent. Given her willingness to learn she handled most of the tasks deligently.
Well done Ms Angella. Tasks were done independently and where guidance was required she sought it.
he was a good listening student
She needs to learn more quickly as the scope of the internship is a bit wide and we are still covering the basics.
Dashboard reporting system was not completed.
Social media platforms were disabled successfully.
Staff remote access was not successful though she tried it out.
She was really stressed at this stage. But i kept advising her to learn how to manage stress.
Remote access of the Server by the recommended ICT staff was not successful but the accounts were created. she tried to orient us but things were not thorough.
Dust blowing of the machines was done but System updates and Anti virus installation was fairly done.
she had the skills but the speed of the internet limited her.
Social media platforms were created. 
Creating IP addresses for the Server and passwords challenged her.
She really laboured much to see Ncomputing System work.
Making research on each task to trouble consumes most of her time.
Though research was done the School management App was not created.
She used to consult her friends but no User Interfaces were designed.
She has an overall improvement from when we first began. She is a promising student given the fact that she works on her weaknesses.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Progressive
Had Laptop challenge ,but attended all the sessions and kept time.
many technical challenges but he was able to understand the skills offered.
Progressive
Progressive
Sills were acquired but had computer challenge
Had many technical Issues  with his laptop,but was positive and progressed in understanding the skills.
Progressive but had technical issues with his  computer
Progressive
Progressive
He had Technical challenges of the computer, but he was able to progress in understanding the tasks at hand.
This week we multitasked and Mary was able to catch up, with the new skillsets.
Progressive
The week was challenging to the student since he had many issues with his computer .
Georgia and her colleagues did a good presentation. It showed their desire to explore new technologies
Mark and his colleagues did a good presentation. It showed their desire to explore new technologies
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Progressive in Hardware maintenance and repair tasks.
Progressive
Challenged by use of the new skillset in css using Dreamweaver yet also her computer specifications couldn't enable her make installation of the Adobe suite.
but the skills were acquired .
Was able to multi task since we had three sessions in the say week handling different areas.
Progressive
Progressive in the tasks at hand.
Had a laptop challange but that didnt hinder us from starting database development since he had a team to work with.
Technically challenged but followed up through the recorded material.
Progressive skills wise ,although was still challenged by the Laptop.
He was new to website designing  and content management systems design.
Progressive ,as skills were acquired but practice was on colleague's computer
Progressive
Reduced pace due to laptop.
Still had a challenge with the Computer.
Challenged with the Laptop she uses.
Progressive  technically irrespective of the transport challenge.
Lubega  is progressing well in the internship, and learning about Tableau, while creating visualizations  to support business.
Bazaale was able to configure a LAMP stack on his server, we created a DNS zone and resolved it to his remote ubuntu server. He was also able to install an SSL certificate with Let's encrypt as well as secure his php-mysql server with a password. he successfully installed PHPmyadmin on his ubuntu server as well.
Progressive -according to the student knowledge uptake and practical skills execution.
Connection challenges but he was present physically and that enabled him cope up
Was challenging but she progressed in solving the challenges and acquired practical skills on solving the problems.
progressive
Progressive
Timothy and team got briefing from the client. He was quick to grasp the general concept and detail of the design of the website. I tasked him to come up with the website flow chart which he completed in time before starting to code.This was his main task as an individual and he did it well.
I commend you Benadette for the excellent attitude and diligence this week. Keep up the same spirit throughout the internship period. 
Next week's tasks will include; approval of the solution design document and execution of the first sprint of our project implementation. I encourage you to visit scrum.org to read more about scrum since it is central to the successful implementation of this project.

The issue of lack of physical meetings should not be looked at as a challenge since it is the "new normal" for everybody. You can record the resultant challenges such as poor connectivity.  It is also important for you to note that the future of work is in remote working setups like the one we are applying now.
tasks accomplished in week ending 27 june 2021
This student has completed module 1 of which it's website designing and she has mastered it very well basing her practical work and In this week she also start networking by interacting with a few networking devices like Climping tool 
Generally she has attained the basics of website designing
The team is excited to have collins and all the other interns on board.
Progressive skills wise although he was challenged technically
She accepts her mistakes and she says sorry.
Goodwork
Challenged by the movement ,hence that week she was online.
Progressive ,although had computer challenges 
Considered progressive since the student was able to understand the skills introduced to her that week
by what she did  and the interaction.
She is very interested in learning.
Viola, keep up the diligence exhibited in all the team activities. I encourage you to improve on preparations for the online team collaboration activities so that you do not miss anything. 
I also advise you to get in touch with me for guidance on how to write progress reports with the desired level of clarity and precision. 

The lack of physical movement to our company premises is not a challenge right now since it is the "new normal" for everybody. You could highlight resultant challenges from this new normal such as poor or intermittent network connectivity. 

You will need to accurately capture the project you are working on. The project is focussed on developing a WhatsApp Business integration plugin for the Asterisk Digital Marketplace website. Downloading and installing wordpress and woocommerce on your local machine is for your own benefit as it gives you the opportunity to familiarise yourself with wordpress and woocommerce - something that is vital to the success of our project's main task.
Onboarding began successfully. Looking forward to you learning and contributing to the frontend tasks.
Onboarding began successfully. Looking forward to you learning and contributing to the frontend tasks.
Onboarding began successfully. Looking forward to you learning and taking on assigned tasks.
Roland, I commend your energy and attitude in the team this week. Keep this going forward. I encourage you to  check with your colleague Andrew or myself on how to write a progress report with the desired clarity and precision. 

You can avoid connectivity issues during the online team collaboration meetings by preparing for such sessions better. 

Please note that next week, we are going to proceed to executing or implementing the solution as soon as the solution design document is approved. This will mean that the team will proceed to working on the first sprint in line with how scrum methodology works. Please read more on scrum by visiting scrum.org.
During this period of learning, Solomon exhibited basic understanding of SQL since he had to interact with the Amnesty Commission Database system. I believe as the internship period continues, he will gain more valuable skills in SQL and other database management skills
Yvette has done so well since the beginning of internship.
Mark led his colleagues is preparation of the 'project', on sustainable environment.
We had a network challange,but she was able to use our recorded videos to catch up
Louisa is a promising developer and she has my best of luck.
She is a promising developer. She also learns new concepts quite easily.
Magembe was able to install a LAMP stack, he was also able to create a DNS zone and resolve it to his remote server IP address. He managed to install and secure the php-mysql server and  PHPMyAdmin. He was also able to install a let's encrypt SSL certificate with certbot. He can now create company emails as well.
Joshua faced a few challenges to do with coding at the beginning of internship, like unexpected errors.. etc. He managed to debug them and he's now doing well.
He is a focussed student and I wish him the very best.
Apart from a few challenges, he's a very committed student
Norah is committed to learning new things. She has my best of luck.
Isaac is progressing well in the internship, and learning about Tableau, while creating visualizations  to support business.
Stom has managed to catch up despite facing a few challenges.
Kenneth managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the development enviroment for  the messaging app.
Despite afew challenges especially with the programming language, Marvin managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the development environment for the messaging app.
Kabiito can now install Apache2, PHP, and PHP-MySQL servers, he can also secure his database with a password, he can secure his server with an SSL certificate. He knows how to create DNS and company emails. He can also install other applications like PHPMyAdmin on his remote ubuntu server
Asingwire managed to set up a LAMP stack, she went ahead and successfully set up a DNS zone given a Cpanel and she resolved it to her ubuntu server IP address. She was able to create company emails as well as installing an SSL certificate on her server. She perfectly installed php-mysql and secured it with a password. she also managed to install PHPMyAdmin on her server.
Calvin has successfully completed this week's tasks, that is,  setting up the development enviroment for the messaging app.
Edwin freely contacts the Trainer whenever he's faced with a challenge, and he loves learning new things.
I commend you Sharifa for the diligence and team leadership. There is a need to improve on the reporting of the weekly tasks. Following from what you have described in the "Tasks in progress", it logically follows that next week, we shall go into the implementation phase and execute the first sprint in line with how the scrum methodology works. Read more about scrum methodology from scrum.org as it will help you and your team going forward.
Charlotte freely consults incase of a challenge
Francis has started internship. He has also managed to set up the development enviroment for a messaging app by installing the necessary software and tools.
So far Emilly is doing well, and she is determined to be a developer.
Pamella is not afraid to ask question(s) when something is  not clear.
Isaac, I encourage you to improve your attitude and punctuality (which involves proper preparation for the sessions). 
Please consult with your colleague Andrew or  myself on how best to write a progress report with the desired level of clarity and precision. 

A lack of data can be overcome by discussing with your colleagues over an audio conference made over the normal mobile phones by somebody with a good number of voice minutes. 

A lack of knowledge can be overcome in two ways: first, by doing sufficient reading using the resources your team members and I have shared on the same and secondly by consulting more regularly with your team members. It is very important to build a camaraderie with your project team members as this greatly contributes to the success of the team.
Challenged by the internet but was always seeking for guidance on what to do through the support platform.
I commend you Nabil for the diligence and punctuality exhibited this week. I also encourage you to share weekly reporting tips with your colleagues because you have reported with absolute clarity and precision. 
In order to address the challenges you have highlighted, you will need to make better preparations for the online collaboration sessions to avoid being affected by some of them such as poor network. 
It is also important for you to note that next week, after the approval of the Solution Design Document, we are going to proceed to implementation by working on our first sprint in line with how scrum methodology works. 

Please read more about scrum on scrum.org.
Some times Dauglas becomes anxious when code doesn't compile or faces a challenge.
Katumba was so interactive in this first week's sessions, he would ask where did not understand, in the end, he clearly understood what I was training him. He properly configured a LAMP stack and SSL. He also understood the basics of working with Cpanel, for example deploying systems on Cpanel, creating company emails, creating and resolving DNS zones, and linking them to a remote Ubuntu server.
Moses successfully set up the development enviroment.
Daniel successfully set up the development enviroment. I also encourage him to upgrade his machine
Davis' primary area of interest was networking, but I'm impressed with the way he's grasping coding concepts with ease.
He normally helps others when they are facing coding  challenges.
Despite a few challenges, Mwesigwa managed to set up the  development enviroment.
In the first days of internship, Mariam had issues with her laptop. Fortunately, she's been able to catch up.
Rafusanjani was able to install a LAMP stack, he was also able to create a DNS zone and resolve it to his remote server. He managed to install and secure the php-mysql server and  PHPMyAdmin on his ubuntu server. He also managed to secure his server with an SSL certificate from certbot with let's encrypt. He managed to create a company email address give a company domain name. It was a good experience.
At first, Resty didn't like coding. After days of coding and understanding the basics, her story is now different.
While developing the app, Kimera has encountered a number of coding errors but he's managed to debug all of them.
Andrew, you have been a diligent team player this week and I encourage you to continue this way. Please correct your record on Tasks in progress to read "Preparing a Software Design Document..." as opposed to "Designing a Software Design Document.."
As we head into week two, please find out more about scrum and how to effectively make it work in your project team.
He's a promising developer
Mary has had afew problems with connection, but she's managed to catch up
Indeed there was poor network, especially during our weekly catch up meeting. Georgia and her fellow interns did well on collaboration
Gloria faced a few challenges with electricity and connection. But she was in touch with the development team for help and she is doing well.
Despite a few challenges, Rogers has managed to accomplish all the required tasks. He has my best of luck.
Progressive
Despite a few challenges with errors, Collins managed to set up the development enviroment
Progressive
Nsimbe installed a LAMP stack on her remote ubuntu server, she secured her php-mysql server with a password. However she has a problem with setting up DNS zone and securing her server with SSL, I will do a follow-up and make sure she succeeds with that as well.
Despite a few challenges with internet, Nuhu managed to set up the development environment for the messaging app.
Ian is a committed student who hasn't had any difficulty in understanding concepts since the beginning of internship.
Raymond exhibits one of the attributes of a serious developer  that is, keeping time.
Jedidiah, I commend your diligence and positive attitude this week. Keep up the spirit going into week two. 
According to how scrum works, the task for next week is called, "executing the first sprint" Please read more about scrum from scrum.org.

You can work around the issue of  intermittent connectivity by making sufficient preparations before the online team collaboration meetings.

You can also look for cheap network services after doing a comparative analysis of all the offers on the market. If you are living with the Kampala metropolitan area, Lycamobile has the cheapest offers.
Trevor, I commend your diligence in leading the team. I encourage you to write your weekly report with more clarity and detail. You can compare notes with your colleagues on how they have written theirs. I will also shed more light on this. As we head into the second week, please also pay attention to the application of the scrum methodology, as it will greatly determine the success of our project.
Martha had personal challenges in the first days of training but she managed to put all that behind her and focus on internship. She is so disciplined.
Businge installed apache2, php-mysql server and he was able to secure it with a password. He knows how to link his remote server IP address to a DNS zone as well as setting up company emails. However, he still has a problem with setting up virtual hosts to resolve an SSL certificate. This makes his server not render the system in the browser.
Jackson managed to set up the development enviroment for the messaging app.
Racheal, this week you have exhibited a commendable attitude and diligence. I encourage you to maintain it and ensure that you understand and follow scrum as we enter the next week where product implementation begins.
Ruth successfully set up the development enviroment  and so far she is doing well.
Teddy and her colleagues did a good presentation. It showed their desire to explore new technologies
Ismail managed to install and configure the software needed for the messaging app.
Semata can now set up a LAMP stack on his remote server, he can install apache2, php-mysql server and secure it with a password. he can also secure his server with an SSL certificate. He also knows how to resolve his DNS to his IP address and creating company emails.
He fixed our domain problem. Site is back up and running. Good job.
Wotsuna can set up Apache2, PHP, PHP-MySQL servers, he can secure his database server with a password. He can also resolve a DNS to his remote IP address. He also managed to install an SSL certificate on his server
Progressive
The program document was successful done
student understood well  our companies  new  technoogies  that included ERPNext /Frappejs and LXD Linux containers .
Priscilla, I encourage you to maintain the energy and diligence you exhibited this week as we move ahead. I encourage you to visit scrum.org for a deeper understanding of how the scrum framework works.
Kimuli was able to set up apache2, PHP, and MySQL on his ubuntu server, he was also able to install an SSL certificate using certbot with let's encrypt as well as resolving the DNS zone to his remote server. He also successfully created a company email from Cpanel.
Ahimbisibwe now has the ability to install Apache2, PHP, and PHP-MySQL servers. She can also set up PHPMyAdmin on her server, She can also deploy projects on Cpanel, and she has obtained some knowledge on DNS zones, so she can resolve a remote IP address to her domain name. She can also secure the server with an SSL certificate.
Bwimi can now install Apache2, php-myasql and PHP on his remote server. He can also secure his SQL server with a password.
Rwebikire was able to set up his apache2 server on ubuntu, he also installed and secured his database with a password. He can now generate company emails and DNS zones to set up and install an SSL certificate on a remote server.
Rwebikire was able to set up his apache2 server on ubuntu, he also installed and secured his database with a password. He can now generate company emails and DNS zones to set up and install an SSL certificate on a remote server.
We handled the CRUDE in this week and it was a success ,since he understood well how to execute it.
Desipite a few challenges, Xavier managed to catch up and he's now doing well. He has my best of luck.
Mulema can now set up Apache2, PHPMySQL server as well as PHPMyAdmin. He also managed to secure his database with a password. He can now install the latest version of PHP on his server. Mulema has learned how to resolve an IP address to a domain name (DNS). He can also create company emails. He has not yet learned how to install an SSL certificate on his server.
Kaweesi managed to install apache2 on his Ubuntu server, he also installed php-mysql server and then he was able to secure it with a password. though he failed to install phpmyadmin on his MySQL server.  He now knows how to create DNS zones and linking them to a remote server. He can also install an SSL certificate on his server as well as creating company emails.
Nsangi was able to install a LAMP stack on her ubuntu server, she setup up her apache2, she also installed php-mysql server. However, she did not secure her server. She still has a problem with generating DNS and company emails from cpanel, that is why she failed to secure her server as well as the database. I will make a follow-up about this
Isaac has been diligent in attending analysis meetings, which are an essential part of the software development life cycle
Kamugisha can now install Apcahe2 on his ubuntu server, he can also install php-mysql server and secure it with a password. He has learned how to resolve his IP address to a remote DNS. He can create DNS and company emails from the domain Cpanel. He can secure his server with an SSL certificate using certbot.
Progressive
Mayanja Adrian is progressing well in the internship,  she is worked on the analyzing startup, which has a huge impact in decision making in terms of investment and managing risk. She is learn quite well.
He had some technical challenges with laptop.
Technical knowledge in databases but he was able to catch up
This week emphasis was on functionality i.e. Php ,and he was progressing on the tasked system under development.
Progressive
Progressive
Yvette is doing well.
he is engaging, asks questions where he finds challenges
he is good at multi-tasking - working on various projects at the lab at the same time
Off to a great start. Enough competence and zeal shown in the work. Keep up.
Despite afew challenges, Lilian managed to install the necessary software on her machine
Solomon has shown a willingness to learn new ideas in a demanding environment as well as competence in handling complex tasks such as mapping, Registration & Profiling of the Individuals (Reporters) and Distribution of the Amnesty kits.
Being orientation week Emmanuel acquainted Himself with County Government Organogram and got to know various county Departments.
Despite a few challenges, Steven managed to start internship at Stratcom and has successfully completed this week's tasks.
All datasets were properly reviewed and shared with translators for translation.
Despite a ban on transport due to COVID, Harnest managed to walk to Stratcom for internship training.
Junior has started internship at Stratcom and his area of interest is coding. He has also managed to set up the development environment for a messaging app.
Progressive
Kenneth successfully completed this week's main tasks without any challenges. He also deployed the messaging app online and  it can be accessed by any one connected to internet.
Had less knowledge on programming
She has good computational skills and is good at managing time.
Racheal, I commend your tenacity in leading your team. I encourage you to keep a positive attitude towards coding and to keep checking your team's adherence to scrum best practices. As we move into the business end of the implementation phase of our project, I am hoping that you will not drop the energy levels. My doors are always open for guidance and support.
Zaharah, I commend you for the positive attitude and punctuality. Keep up this spirit going into your second week. I encourage you to read more of the reference material that is provided on the collaboration platform and do your best to practice coding so that you can attain the required level of mastery.
completed website design
Stom grasps coding concepts with ease. He's a promising developer.
Despite transport challenge, Timothy managed to complete this week's tasks.
I encourage him to make use of internet and research or read about javascript. He can also contact the Lead Developer for help.
Good progress with on boarding.
Why do you need a GPU enable PC? I thought you already trained and saved the model. Why did you choose Flask over Django? Flask may not perform so well in production.
The student has portrayed a clear understanding of theory and can connect it to practical settings.
The student has a good attitude towards learning.
Louisa is doing well. I just encourage her to contact the lead developer / Trainer incase of any coding challenge.
Progressive irrespective of the network
Davis is doing well. No challenges so far.
Challenging but started using new tool for web development ,WordPress.
as well as progressive on the assigned system work.
This is great work. Please ensure to learn the Linux text editors as well  and how to manipulate linux files. So far so good.
ok
Mariam has not faced any challenges this week. She is doing well.
Ronald has started internship and he is doing well. Since his area of interest is networking, we are going to equip him with hands-on skills in networking, Systems Admin, PC repair and software maintenance.
Resty has managed to complete this week's tasks despite network connection issues.
I encourage Moses to contact the lead developer incase of coding challenges. Otherwise, he is doing well so far.
I encourage Roger's to make use of recordings and to contact the Lead Developer incase of complicated coding concepts.
Joshua has proved to be a very reliable intern. His initiative to learn not only about applications and software development but also business processes was commendable. He has registered the ability to communicate ideas and initiatives when taking part in committees or meetings. This is important for the upcoming computer scientists to feel comfortable speaking their minds and sharing their opinions when participating in technical meetings with the management team.
Despite a few innevitable challenges, Mary managed to complete this week's tasks.
Despite transport challenge, Sarah managed to start internship at Stratcom and she is doing well.
Compitent and self motivated make him easy to supervise
I encourage Abudlah to always contact the lead developer / Trainer for guidance incase of network connectivity issues.
Good job with the k8s and Crane Cloud deployments.
Apart from connection issues, Mwesigwa successfully completed this week's tasks. I also encourage him to contact the lead developer incase of any coding challenges.
Progressive
Impressed by her work with our partners and how open to changes and accommodate the virtual learning platform to gain experience.
Despite afew challenges, Francis has managed to complete this week's tasks. That is, setting up the database enviroment for the messaging App.
Despite a few challenges, Joshua managed to complete this week's tasks.
Technical challenge in knowing how to use new tools.
I encourage Alex to upgrade his machine because having a fast and reliable machine is very important  in software development.
done
Good job with the docker, k8s and Crane Cloud deployments.
Edwin's ability of finding alternative ways to accomplish coding tasks makes him a promising developer.
He successfully completed this week's main tasks without any challenges.
I commend you Benadette for the positive attitude and diligence. Keep it up. I can tell you that there is one sure way of succeeding as a software engineer and that is reading the material without any panic. Please do it and you will find things easier and smoother.
Kamugisha has learned the basics of PHP, git, and GitHub, he can deploy an application to his remote server. He now knows SQL databases, he can create tables, read from them, insert records, updates and delete records from tables.
The design of the flow chart was accepted by the client with miner changes. He completed the design and coding of the user interface in time. He led the team which was off site to in put their part of the code online which he integrated and completed.
I encourage Dauglas to always contact the Lead developer / Trainer incase of any coding challenge.
In this period where 60% of our interns have had issues of internet shortage, Mr Musumba has exhibited a regular on time attendance record to company's schedules.
He is too inquisitive, he loves to learn and has proven good communication skills.
In this first week at work with Boosted Technologies, He has proven manageable, with team engagement traits.
He has adjusted well to the dynamic changes in schedules at work place.
Despite innevitable challenges like power,  Warid has managed to complete this week's tasks
Great work with Pontoon. Continue pushing the sentences to the Pontoon System for translators.
Apart from network connection issues, Norah is doing well and she's managed to complete this week's tasks.
Charlotte requested to attend Networking sessions and she is doing well. She completed this week's tasks with ease.
Student is not easily available
A well compiled report by Mark, Teddy and Georgia
Despite a few challenges, Chrispus managed to complete this week's tasks.
Sharifa, please keep up the persistent spirit and hard work. I encourage you to engage more with your team members and endeavour to practice continuous code integration and deployment on the test server provided to you instead of creating your other testing platform. Do not hesitate to consult in case of any doubts.
Pamella had a minor challenge of setting up mid-ware but she managed to do it.
Priscilla, I am impressed by your punctuality and persistence. Keep it up. Please interact more with your colleagues so that you can help each other in understanding what appears to be difficult. I also encourage you to try out your code on the test environment provided. Do not despair. Do not panic. You can truly make a good programmer.
Emmilly has not faced any challenges, and she's  doing well.
I encourage Daniel to always contact the lead developer incase of coding challenges / errors.
Despite network issues, Martha managed to complete this week's tasks.
Collins didn't face any challenges this week. He's doing well.
I commend you positive attitude and punctuality Shivan. Keep it up as we move into week two.
Was able to learn and execute CRUDE for the systems development.
Technical challenges were many this week.
He managed to complete this week's tasks without any challenges. He's doing well so far.
Viola, I am happy with your punctuality and commitment to work. Keep it up. Please interact more with your team members and help each other. I also encourage you to read more about the technologies that we are using for the project. Reading is a sure way to getting around the hurdles in your way.
Kenneth can execute SQL commands/queries, he can Create databases, tables. He can also read data from a secure database, he can update and delete records from tables. He can push his code to GitHub and deeply it to a remote server. He knows the basics of PHP
Internet was a challenge, but she was able to do the work with her team.
Shivan, I encourage you to remain persistent and consistent. I encourage you to consult through all available means, not only internet. You can make a programmer if you remain calm and use a logical approach to solving problems. Reading more about the technologies involved is one sure way of widening your knowledge on the technologies of interest.
Hillary, I commend your positive attitude and resilience to make the team work. I encourage you to keep up this good spirit and improve on preparations for the remote collaboration sessions as we move forward. You can visit scrum.org and keep growing your understanding of the scrum framework.
I commend you Jedidiah for punctuality and diligence. Please keep it up. I encourage you to use more of the official reference sources for each of the technologies that you are reading about. The habit of researching and reading is a victor's habit and you should maintain it. I encourage you to keep interacting more with your team members so that you can learn from each other.
Emmanuel hasn't faced any challenges this week. He's doing well.
Good work Hillary this week. You have exhibited good leadership skills and I encourage you to continue this way. Remind me to explain more about the different criteria used in making tricky decisions such as the one you highlight as your challenge this week. I encourage you to continue reading more about the technologies you use such that you are always up to date.
I commend you Andrew for the persistence and consistency. These are two key qualities that are going to take you a long way in the right direction. I encourage you to keep reading more about the technologies you are working with in order to enrich your knowledge on how best to use them. This week, please check out the Php Standard Recommendation (PSR) so that you align your code with it.
Most of the concepts might be new. But I encourage Ismail to consult the Lead Developer incase of coding challenges.
It is great to see that she is ready to learn new things. She informed me that she was learning iOS development
I encourage Ian to always contact the Lead developer / Trainer incase of any coding challenge.
she can apply theory to practice
she can adapt to new technologies
some work is needed in the communication skills section
Student intern received, oriented, assigned supervisor and tasks to undertake during the internship period. Online mode of supervisor and coordination agreed upon. 
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 1 reviewed and acknowledged.
The tasks you specified did not involve design a UI, what is the purpose of the UI? Installing software and watching tutorials should not take-up the whole week. Please work on Task 1 in this week.
Nsimbe can now install an SSL certificate on her server, she is able to create DNS and office emails from CPanel. She now understands SQL, she can Create databases and tables, She is also able to Insert data in tables, select data, update and delete records. She has to know how to use other Keywords like ORDER BY, COUNT, SUM, ASC, DESC, etc. Meaning she can query any data that is required from a database. She has learned the basics of PHP
Despite internet challenge, Raymond managed to complete this week's tasks
She finished her work on time
Sandra has not had any issues so far,  apart from her laptop failing to work.
Despite a few challenges, Jacintah managed to set up the development environment.
Jacintah is doing well. She is a promising developer.
Ruth completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
1. Student intern received, oriented, assigned supervisor and tasks to undertake during the internship period.
2. Online mode of supervisor and coordination agreed upon. 
3. Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 1 reviewed and acknowledged.
Despite a few challenges, Rebecca managed to set up the development environment.
Teddy is teachable.
Intern has good relationship with our partners in terms of adaption to work requirement and deliverables.
Some developers spend long hours debugging errors. I request Rebecca to get used to the long sessions.
Rafusanjani has learned how to write SQL queries, he can Create databases and tables, He can also Insert records, Select or read tables records, update and delete those records.  He knows how to use some SQL keywords like ASC, DESC, ORDER BY, COUNT, SUM, and more. He can query any records that he wants across different tables using JOINS.
There was a problem of the lockdown but I finally saw the system requirements document
Good job taking on the challenge and deploying to Crane Cloud and k8s.
Feel free to consult teammates when stuck while you encounter new concepts.
Umar consistently arrives to the company's  scheduled programs on time.
He has met a good attendance record in his first week at work. 
He is passionate to learn new skills and has proven the ability to apply the theory to practical.
However, in the coming weeks, I expect more skill development from Him and we are doing our best as an organisation to give the required tools for him to engage with real world business modules regardless of the pandemic and remote tasks.
Progressive
Derick understands SQL basics, he can create Databases, and tables, he can Insert records into a table, he can update and delete records. He also knows git and using Github he can push his code to a remote repository.
Despite internet connections issues, Gloria has managed to complete this week's tasks. She is doing well.
Katumba now knows the basics of SQL, he can Create databases and tables, he can insert into, select from, update, and delete records from a table. He also knows how to practically use some SQL keywords like ORDER BY, GROUP BY, SUM, and JOIN. He has developed knowledge in querying any data of interest from the database.
Katumba was so interactive in this first week's sessions, he would ask where did not understand, in the end, he clearly understood what I was training him. He properly configured a LAMP stack and SSL. He also understood the basics of working with Cpanel, for example deploying systems on Cpanel, creating company emails, creating and resolving DNS zones, and linking them to a remote Ubuntu server.
Progressive
I commend you Walter for the positive attitude and diligence. Please keep it up. As we move into full throttle implementation of the project, please check out the Php Standard Recommendation (PSR).
Magembe can now practically execute SQL queries, he can Create databases and tables on his remote SQL server. He can Select records from different tables using JOINS, he can Update and Deleted records, he can also use Keywords like ASC, DSC, JOIN, ORDER BY, GROUP BY, SUM, COUNT, and many more, This means that we can query any data that he wants from different tables across a single database.
Focus was more on the systems development .
Authur has known how to write SQL commands, he can SELECT, INSERT INTO, UPDATE AND DELETE, he also knows how to read data from different tables using JOINS, he knows other commands like COUNT and SUM, He can sort his data using ORDER BY ASC or DESC.
Technical challenges but knowledge was acquired.
Student had inadequate knowledge on systems development.
Good progress Ryan. Please keep up the spirit. As you proceed with implementation, I encourage you to check out the Php Standard Recommendation (PSR) so that you align your code with it.
Kimuli has got to understand the basics of SQL, he can do a Create Read Update and Delete. He can also do JOINS, ORDER BY, GROUP BY, and more other SQL queries according to the requirement.
Satisfactory results so far. Kengo is a hard worker and delivers required results.
I encourage Xavier to always contact the lead developer / Trainer incase of any challenge.
I encourage her to always contact the lead developer / Trainer  for guidance.
Micheal's induction week went well. 
- He was able to join the daily stand ups with the rest of the team members. 
- He managed to deliver on his to do's
- As he gets acquainted with what we are building, we hope to increase on his workload. 
- With time, we hope he will also master the brand identity of delv to be able to bring out uniformity in look and feel of what he works on and what we already have developed on the portal
Technical challanges due to being new in using css but progressed in database development
Progressive
Progressive
Despite afew challenges like transport, Andrew managed to start internship at Stratcom and he's doing well.
Nabil, I commend you for staying focused and diligent this week. I encourage you to network more with your team members so that you can share knowledge and share ideas on how to overcome some hurdles that you encounter. Invest time in reading more about the technologies you are using for the project and practice continuous integration of code with your colleagues on the test server provided.
Good work Mariam for this week. Please improve on punctuality and ensure that you do not miss any of the team collaboration meetings so that you do not lag behind as the project progresses. I encourage you to read more about the technologies such that you become better by the day.
Asingwire has learned the basics of SQL, she can now Create tables and databases, she can Insert records into the database, select them, update and delete them. She can also use keywords like ASC, DESC, ORDER BY, COUNT, SUM, GROUP BY, and JOINS, meaning she can query any records of interest from different tables. She has learned the basics of Github and now she can push code to her remote repository.
Lucky, know the basics of working with PHP and SQL,  she can execute simple SQL commands like CREATE, SELECT, INSERT INTO, etc.
Kirya understands SQL, he was able to create Databases, Tables. He can Insert data into those tables, Select/read records, Update and delete these records, he also knows how to use some SQL keywords like ASC, DESC, ORDER BY, GROUP BY, COUNT, SUM, JOIN,  etc, meaning he can query any data that he wants from any tables in the database. He also knows the basics of PHP, Git, and Github, so he can push his code in a remote repository for version control and safe storage.
Progressive in website and databse development.
Kaweesi can now write the basic SQL commands like Create, select, Update, Delete, and many more, he can sort data with SQL and read it from different tables using JOINS
Nsangi, can now combine MySQL with PHP, and she can deploy them on her remote server through GitHub
Nsangi, has started to understand the SQL basic commands, like SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE READ, ASC, DESC, ORDER BY, GROUP BY, etc. she can connect table references with foreign keys and primary keys.  She can also write basic PHP code in sublime and then upload it to her GitHub repository.
Derrick can now write SQL commands like SELECT, UPDATE, DELETE, INSERT, etc, he can also sort date with ASC and DESC, and he can read data across different tables using JOINS. He can also reference tables using Foreign keys. He is able to push his code to GitHub, but he still does not know how to deploy it to the remote server.
He is very active and responds to any activity given to him. 
He is steadily learning and grasping the core concepts of our system.  
He freely interacts with other staff. He proposes new ideas where he feels activity implementations lack something.
Sometimes he is affected by power supply as Umeme power is not stable i.e it is on and off. 
Generally he is a good intern student one would like to work with. 
He is able and willing to change environment and work if assigned to do so
Bwimi can write the basic SQL queries like CREATE, SELECT, INSERT INTO, UPDATE, etc.  He also know the basic git commands
I encourage Calvin to always consult the Lead Developer incase of any coding challenge or tough concept.
Continue playing around with Pontoon System. I also recommend that you sign up for the Github student pack. Continue donating voices to Common Voice.
Attendance is good, has installed all required tools in time, consulted when stuck. Participated and asked questions during product training
Phiona managed to set up the development enviroment
Phiona hasn't faced any coding challenges. She's a promising developer.
Namale managed to install software that we are going to use during the course of Internship
Namale can set up apache2, PHP, and PHP-MySQL, she can also secure her database with a password. She can now obtain a domain, using the DNS zone in cPanel she can resolve her remote IP address to that domain. She can also secure her server with an SSL certificate.
Progressive ,since physical barrier is being handled through zoom
I commend you for a positive attitude Phionah and encourage you to keep it up going forward.
Phionah, hang in there. Please interact more with your teammates and learn from each other. I also encourage you to read more about the technologies you are required to use so that it can become easier for you going forward.
Team work and skills enhancement in development was acquired .
Have you uploaded the script to GitHub? I need to review the script.
Mayanja Adrian did a virtual internship with one of our partners  to gain experience on how organization use data analytics to understand their business and make better decision.
Progressive
Student was able to handle over their joint work on the student management platform . 
It should be noted that this was their first assignment on the frappejs and erpnext platforms .
The student was  able to use their  requirements  gathering skills to create the new  tender portal  system .
The student showed lots of eagerness  in learning  the ERPNext platform  and  how it could  be used to implement the Tender Portal .
EDA was completed and the work was pushed to GitHub. I am impressed by the visualizations presented for the data and comments on possible improvements were made.
Also a good understanding of using Git has made it easy to keep track of the progress of the work done
Most Developers spend their time debugging errors.  I encourage Yvette to learn how to  debug coding errors. Otherwise, she successfully deployed the messaging app online.
Ronald has successfully completed this week's tasks.
Progressive through the recordings .
completed networking by terminating Ethernet cable both straight through and cross over
Progressive :It implies student was able to understand and deliver as required in the sessions he attended that week.
Despite a few challenges especially with data, he managed to complete this week's main tasks.
He was able to configure Ifmis system and install associated programs like vpn successfully
Perseverance/tenacity exhibited by the student after multiple unsuccessful trials until he finally learnt how to diagnose problems pertaining to installation and configuration of most operating systems.
I hope the network issue can be solved soon. You have shown a great learning streak. link up with teammates for blockers.
4 more datasets were received for human translation. Great work
Solomon demonstrated a good understanding of installation of the various windows OS versions on the current UEFI based computer systems. However, more practice with other types of operating systems will improve his understanding of operating systems even more.
Nansamba Nuluyati is good at databases and has good problem solving skills.
Data may not be a serious challenge since all sessions are purely hands-on.
Thank you Zaharah for not giving up. Maintaining a positive and winner's attitude is a sure way to the attainment of the team objective. Try as much as you can to understand Object Oriented Programming (OOP) in Php so that you can adopt in when writing code for the Social Media Plugin.
The design of the website required the integration of a payment gateway. As a company we have a payment partner whose api, Timothy has past experience about. His he did quickly as his team members had already embarked on coding another apart of the website.
In these second week of Umar's internship at our place, Regardless of the remote nature of the placement, He didn't require a-lot of supervision, He finishes his work timely
He is consistent, Takes messages and writes correspondences where needed.
He is doing a great job with us. 
By the third week of internship, he will be good at our services.
I am satisfied with research done to come up with a solution (database pooling) for the task assigned. (Identifying effective alternatives for creating an intermediate data access point). Technical progress has also been made  in setting up a django-based system to implement the solution and the work has been uploaded to GitHub.
Networking was successfully done, changing the operating system was successfully done.
Sarah completed this week's main tasks, that is, performing basic configurations on layer 3 devices and configuring vlans on layer 2 devices.
Delivered all tasks of that week as required .
Student was able to deliver the activities in time.
He successfully deployed the messaging App online and it can be accessed by anyone connected to internet. However, this offer is valid for 4 months.
Progressed in systems development.
Arrangements for data facilitation are being made. Please contact Ms. Dorothy. Figma design implementation in React was nicely done, will be reviewed for approval. Good job with the other fixes taken up, indicates you have learnt the react basics.
With some extra tutorials the student was able to finish up the tasks. Showed great improvement.
I encourage Steven to get used to  walking because it's good for his health. That aside, he managed to complete this week's tasks.
Great work
Francis has successfully coded a messaging app from scratch. His next project is coding a mobile App from scratch using the latest technologies.
He's passionate about Networking and is doing well so far.
Progressive
Despite transport challenge, Charlotte managed to come to Stratcom for internship training and completed this week's tasks.
Moving to and from Stratcom is a challenge because of lock down but Hilda managed to come to Stratcom and complete this week's tasks.
Progressive
Progressive
Thanks Benadette for being punctual and committed to your team's cause. I encourage you to continue this way. I also encourage you to develop and maintain a positive attitude so that you can deal with any challenges that come your way as you execute the tasks assigned to you. Please interact more with your team-mates so that you can complete each other's contributions.
Collins is progressing well with on boarding, he already has a good understanding of the cranecloud platform.
Progressive with Group members since they have been grouped in group of 3 to deliver a system
Mayanja Adrian's Internship is progressing well, she is learn about how data analysis is used to help make business decision.
Challenging since this week her laptop was down but she followed the session all days and downloaded the recording guide her when she gets laptop repaired.
She is a committed student, finishes/submits her assignments in time
Sandra successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Progressed on the functionalities but had challange in using sublime text as an editor.
Advised to pick up another challenge. There is alot of technology going around.
Mary successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
I encourage Resty to upgrade her machine. Otherwise, she successfully deployed the messaging app.
Mariam managed to debug coding errors and successfully deployed the messaging app online. The app can be accessed by anyone connected to internet.
Joshua successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Davis successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
He was able to cope up accordingly with the web development as well as the physical hardware session
Fast learning
Abudlah successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Figma design implementation in React was nicely done, will be reviewed for approval. Good demo
Chrispus successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Gloria successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
I am satisfied by the work that has been accomplished this week, especially by the level of coordination with other team members. This is important because the different components work towards the same solution.
Alex successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
I encourage Marvin to get used to debugging since it's part of coding.
Task accomplished on time
Katumba can write simple PHP scripts and make an SMS integration using PHP. He can as well push his code to the remote repository (GitHub).
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 2 reviewed and acknowledged.
Martha successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Edwin successfully debugged errors and he's progressing well.
Despite network challenge, Samuel managed to complete this week's tasks.
Catherine managed to deploy the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone connected to internet.
I encourage Warid to learn how to deal with coding errors.
Despite transport challenge, she managed to come to Stratcom for internship and completed this week's tasks.
Despite a few challenges, Rogers managed to code the messaging app. He also deployed it online and it can be accessed by anyone connected to internet. However, this offer is valid for 4 months.
He successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by any one connected to internet. This offer is valid for 4 months.
Dauglas successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Despite afew challenges with power and network, Samuel managed to complete this week's tasks.
Despite lock down challenges, Muyimba managed to start internship at Stratcom and he's doing well.
Coding and debugging are inseparable. So I encourage Kenneth to get used to debugging.
Progressive report on activities at hand.
Guloba has learned how to set up Apache2, PHP-MySQL server, and PHPMyadmin on his remote server, he can set up a DNS from Cpanel of the Domain, he is able to install an SSL certificate with certbot (Let's encrypt).
I encourage Elijah to upgrade his machine so that it can handle heavy tasks.
Thank you Viola for staying focused as the project progresses. Whenever you notice that there is a leadership vacuum in the group, please step forward and at least ask a guiding question that will keep the fire burning in the group rather than sliding into deafening silence. Please read more about the use cases of the WhatsApp business API and the App from other businesses that have used them.
Collins successfully deployed the messaging app online, and it can be accessed by anyone connected to internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
I am satisfied with the progress made considering the short period of time. This convinces me that data wrangling is a natural skill for her. Inquiry through regular communication has kept me up to date with the progress and this is very important as she is working remotely. Looking ahead to further data analysis especially with GPS data.
I commend you Racheal for providing leadership and encouragement to your team. You ought not to stop reading more about JavaScript and Php. More importantly, you should now try to the master Object Oriented Programming paradigm and apply it in this project for the parts that you are writing in Php especially. I remind you once again to check out the Php Standard Recommendation and share the same with your team members.
Despite a few coding challenges, Jackson managed to deploy the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone connected to internet. This offer is valid for 4 months
Advised to spare sometime for the tasks at hand.
Thank you Sharifa for staying focused and committed to the project. Please always lead and when absent, delegate your leadership tasks to another person to avoid creating a leadership vacuum. What you are perceiving as a challenge is not one. If you revisit the initial requirements, the WhatsApp Business API and the Application are complementary and neither is supposed to be used as a substitute to the other. 

Going forward, read more on the different use cases from other people who have applied both and widen your appreciation of the usage scope for each.
I encourage Nuhu to get used to debugging errors since debugging and coding are inseparable.
Kabiito can now write PHP-MySQL, he can also deploy his code on a live remote server through GitHub, and he can send a simple SMS with PHP using AfricasTalking API. He can also read data from the user using HTML forms.
Disciplined, committed and always interested in learning new things.
Mr. Joshua is a quick learner and has already synchronized well with our technical team, He is now running and debugging some of our live Mobile applications & Web Applications. He has as well exercised communication training this week allowing him to interact with some of our customers. I believe there is promising progress with his Internship.
Try to explore other accounts tools to appreciate the process flows in the finance MIS
In these second week of Musumba's internship at our place, Regardless of the remote nature of the placement, He didn't require a-lot of supervision, He finishes his work timely
He is consistent, Takes messages and writes correspondences where needed.
He is doing a great job with us. 
By the third week of internship, he will be good at our services.
Thank you Andrew for continuing to display diligence and focus. I advise you to be more categorical when reporting the tasks instead of simply referring to the Scrum sprints. This will help me to better synchronise what you are reporting with what happens in the daily scrums.
Succeeded in coding functionality of the information systems design
I encourage Daniel to get used to debugging errors since debugging is inseparable with coding. Whenever power is stable, he should make use of recordings and also contact the Lead Developer incase of any challenge.
I encourage Emmily to always consult the Lead Developer incase of any coding challenges or power interruptions.
Thank you Priscilla for staying focused and committed to the project and the team performance. I encourage you to continue reading more about the technologies and for the sake of Php, please read more about how to apply the Object Oriented Programming. (OOP) paradigm. This is going to help you write better code that can be maintained better in future either by you or other people that will work on the project.
1. Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 2 reviewed and acknowledged.
2. Challenges encountered by intern on changes in requirements discussed and scope of assignment to accomplish during the internship agreed upon.
Collaborative work on the system under development as well as website work.
Computer Technical issues but skills wise progressed
Raymond successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Ismail managed to deploy the messaging app online. This app can be accessed by anyone connected to internet and this offer is valid for the next 4 months.
Pamella successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Create a Github Student Pack account so that you can create your own instance of Pontoon to play around with. Keep working.
A quick-learning student who is self-motivated
Very good at research and is self motivated
Despite a few challenges, Jacob managed to start internship at Stratcom and he's doing well.
The preliminary EDA for the given dataset has been converted and I am able to follow progress on GitHub. I am impressed with how quickly she interpreted the documentation and the regular contact to update me on the progress made. I look forward to seeing how she will handle the more complex data types like GPS as she furthers the analysis.
An active student and a quick learner
Thank you Shivan for remaining focused. I do not fully understand your challenge of Limited consultation grounds. I suggest you contact me and throw more light. Please read more on Object Oriented Programming in Php and adopt it when writing your own code.
Despite a few challenges, Resty managed to start internship at Stratcom and she is doing well.
Xavier successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Intern has good relationship with our partners in terms of adaption to work requirement and deliverables.
Kamugisha has learned how to write SMS notifications with PHP. He still has some small problems with writing MySQL scripts.
Derrick understands the basics of PHP, he can now write PHP-MySQLi scripts to work with databases, he can read data from the user using HTML form.
Rafusanjani can now understand PHP-MySQLi, he can receive data from the user and pass it to PHP and then he uses PHP  manipulate it using MySQL database. He can also send a short SMS using PHP supported by AfricasTalking, This man has also learnt how to push his code to hitHub and then deploy it to the remote server.
Emmanuel successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Ruth successfully completed this week's main task, that is, deploying the messaging app online. This app can be accessed by any one connected to internet.
We managed to talk via WhatsApp and the student could get time and show me the list of codes which was good
Kimuli can now write PHP-MySQL code, he can push it to GitHub and deploy it to the remote server, he can read data from the user using HTML and he can connect and load CSS files into HTML pages. His work is good. He understands the basics of PHP
Good time management skills.
improved communcation skills
The Intern is learning and adapt to the work life quite good. Happy with here contribution in the last project.
He can deploy his code from a GitHub repository to a remote server.
Student was able to create custom  doctypes and modify existing ones to  fit  in the business  applications .
Despite a ban on public transport, Joshua managed to walk to Stratcom and start he's internship.
Magembe was able to push his code to GitHub, He still has a problem with PHP-MySQL and deploying his code to remote server.
Dyson, can now receive data from the user using HTML form and submits it to PHP, then she uses PHP-MySQLi queries to manipulate it. She is starting to understand PHP-MySQL, she can push her code to the GitHub repository, but she has a problem with deploying it to the remote server.
Louisa successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone over the internet. He is also entitled to a free hosting server and domain for the next 4 months.
Progressive amidst the network challenges .
he is a person who is willing to learn new technologies, has good programming skills and also challenges himself to deliver more than he is expected.
Jedidiah, I encourage you to continue reading even as you move into coding this week. Do not forget to adhere to the language standards specified in the official standards or guideline documentation. I commend you for always taking the initiative to lead when your team leader is not available. Keep it up.
This wor was well done and I am happy
Despite afew challenges, Ian managed to complete this week's tasks.
Thank you Trevor for the efforts. Your team's efforts are promising and encouraging.
Thank you Trevors for the diligence and focus. As we edge closer to the end of the assignment, please refer back to the scrum basics so that we can meet all the acceptance criteria that we set at the beginning especially in the last sprints.
Using PHP and MySQLi, Derrick can write real-world applications, he can also integrate SMS notifications in them. We can load bootstrap CSS into his application to support the UI. However, he is not yet familiar with USSD application development.
- Micheal made good progress on his weekly To do's. 
- He is good at presenting the work he has done. 
- His interaction with the team is also getting better. 
- Hope to see his speed of execution grow, so as to take on more in the week.
Seen. Great, please keep it up. This is good.
Thanks Mariam for staying committed even amidst drawbacks. Please spend time understanding the anatomy of wordpress and its WooCommerce plugin as this knowledge is going to be handy as the project grows. Since you are not going to be so much involved in the Android development, you should use this opportunity to understand Wordpress and WooCommerce inside-out.
Fahim can now manipulate MySQL using PHP, he can write the SQL commands in PHP-MySQL, and then deploy them on a GitHub repository. He can also deploy his code to the remote server through GitHub and putty.
Teddy is learning ethical hacking - self interest. Awaiting to see it in use
Semata can resolve his API address to his DNS zone, he can write some SQL scripts with PHP-MySQLi, he can push his code to a GitHub repository. He is still learn more about PHP and MySQL
Gerald is now familiar with PHP-MySQL and he can write a simple code with PHP and push it to gitHub
Word press skills and collaborative development was achieved  hence progressive,yet he takes lead in delivering too.
Thank you Nabil for staying focused and committed to the cause. I encourage you to always step in and provide leadership when your team leader is not present in the meetings. A leadership vacuum is not healthy for your team. Read more on the different use cases of both the Business API and the App so that you can widen your appreciation of the same.
She successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone connected to internet.
Despite afew challenges, Rebecca managed to deploy the messaging app and it can be accessed by anyone connected to internet.
Coding errors are innevitable. I encourage Lilian to get used to  debugging and also consult the Lead Developer incase of  coding challenges.
Phiona successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by any one  connected to internet.
Challenged by network and was inconsistent  this week.
Technical knowledge issues ,but were resolved
Calvin successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by any one connected to internet. This offer is valid for 4 months.
Progressive
Batale is now able to write PHP and MySQLi scripts, he can manipulate his database to make sense out of his data.
Kirya can write PHP MySQL scripts and deploy them to his server through GitHub. He can also use PHP to write SMS notifications. Learning is a process.
Thanks Walter for staying focused and committed to executing the tasks at hand. I encourage you to read more on the deployment of php projects on servers so that you can help your devops colleague in supplying you the details you need in order to have your project functioning well on the server.
Thanks Ryan for staying committed and focused on the tasks at hand. I encourage you to read more on the deployment of php projects on servers so that you can help your devops colleague better understand your requirements so that he can better facilitate you.
We have to meet on 9th August 2021 for us to assess this progress and consolidate this output.
Continuation of the system at hand with the group he was working with, further more he was able to design a website.
Completed all assignments given.
Database formulation for the supermarket system  was among key deliverables and as a group they accomplished it.
Well executed. Keep up the good work.
Thank you Hillary for providing leadership and guidance to your team. I encourage you to always check out those that are not communicating in a timely manner. I also advise you to spend some more time understanding the anatomy of Wordpress and  the WooCommerce plugin as this knowledge is going to become handy as you proceed with the project.
Glad you had basic knowledge with LAN infrastructure and that was great to build onto, it helped make the learning process faster. and credit for the effort and love.
Looking forward to exposing to a new challenge under Power Solutions and management in the coming week.
I'm pleased with how fast you learnt the various C-Panel configuration tasks. Indeed proving the fast learner you are.
Also we weren't able to have the training on UPS power solutions, but hope to have you exposed to that in the coming weeks.
Exceptional work with the Tablet provisioning, keep up the commitment and fast pace on handling tasks.
Progressive
This module was worked on .
Please continue working on creating projects on Pontoon System for the translators and Common Voice. Great work. I'm busy at the moment. I will get back to you soon.
Progressive
I see no comments four fiekd supervisor
Thank you for the update. However, you need to clearly explain the tasks. For example, what happened during the interview? you set up the interview, carried out the interview, etc . when you explain, it becomes clear what you did. Good job. Keep it up
Lucky, can now execute SQL commands using PHP-MySQL, meaning she is developing the ability to interact with and Manipulate the database using a Graphical User Interface.
Ssemuga has started internship at Stratcom and he is doing well.
He successfully completed this week's tasks, that is configuring a cisco router as DHCP server, configuring end devices as DHCP clients and dismantling/ assembling laptops.
He was able to handle more of website development this week.
Progressive in tasks at hand irrespective of the internet issues.
Assignments to the students at this time helped the company modify  its  implementation  methodology  from  customization  of  doctypes to creation of  custom  applications . 
Use of web-forms for the different  modules was also impressive .
Iann has been proactive, he has managed to accomplish the next weeks tasks within this week. The changes that he was asked to make have been effected and this will give him time to optimize the experiments.
She can now write PHP and MySQLi scripts, but she has a problem with formulating the software process flaw. I connected with her through TeamViewer and we were to deploy her files to the remote server, she had got a problem with the git.
Progressive
Andrew successfully completed this week's main tasks, that is, dismantling and assembling laptops, configuring a layer 3 device as a DHCP server and Configuring static routes.
Impressed with the database structure but he needs to work a little faster to meet the deadlines, other than that all is good.
Some good work has been done by Joshua. He is showing that he has enough knowledge about Linux operating systems and I want to work more with him to better use those skills.
Most of the creative work was finished this week so that we can focus on systems development.
Davis successfully set up the mobile app development enviroment.
Intern has good relationship with our partners.
Good work Zaharah, keep it up.
Yvette successfully set up the mobile app development enviroment without any challenges.
Sam is passionate about Networking. He managed to start his internship at Stratcom despite the current restrictions.
successfully completed graphics design
Louisa managed to set up the mobile app development enviroment without any challenges
Multitasking was another characteristic we saw in him because we had alot to do this week.
All the tasks for this week have been completed and the work has been reviewed on the Git repository
Joseph's knowledge of common image manipulation like blurring and sharpening is very good and this has enabled him to quickly understand and adapt to the problem being solved.
He's passionate about networking, making it easy for him to understand concepts easily.
Emmanuel was able to perform system updates and installed printer drivers successfully
Challenged by not knowing word press.
Steven successfully completed this week's tasks. That is, configuring static routes on layer 3 devices, inter-vlan routing using router on stick, and activating remote access protocols on devices (SSH and telnet)
Handled given tasks well and you are getting better at reaching out. Be more outgoing and confident when presenting your work. Great input is seen for ideas around new features. Good job!
More work needs to be done in terms of providing user support for Windows 10 but otherwise the Solomon has the basics of Windows 10
Ronald has successfully completed this week's tasks. He can now interconnect and configure layer 2 devices with ease.
Nansamba Nuluyati has good project management skills and a good attitude.
After he completed the integration of the api into the website it was tested to establish its usability.
He informed me that they were some bugs which he had fixed. Never the less, It was retested to prove that there we no bugs and indeed it was working perfectly and the client was happy about this particular feature. He showed one of the time members how to integrate a payment system into the api. This was part of the tasks I gave him to establish his leadership skills which he did well
Despite a few challenges, Aida managed to start internship at Stratcom. She has completed this week's main task of setting up the development environment for a messaging App.
Thanks Benadette for the diligence and improved attitude this week. Keep it up.
This weeks task was to help the interns get familiar with the problem they will be working with. Alvin's understanding of machine learning is a great asset as he has been able to quickly interpret the concepts for the upcoming tasks.
He is interested in learning.
Not limited to what he knows. 
Exploration is his thing.
First week of internship with him on our development team was a success.
Progressive irrespective of the network challenges.
Progressive
Good ethics and team work
Stom successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the development environment for a mobile App.
He successfully completed his tasks for this week.
Task well done
she was following up with colleagues having laptop and also on git ,since they have time to discuss the projects, and other assignments accordingly.
Thanks Kenneth for staying committed despite the challenges. I encourage you to improve your communication with the teams you are supporting.
Significant frontend fixes, well done.
She is interested in learning.
Not limited to what she knows. 
Exploration is her thing.
First week of internship with her on our development team was a success.
He has perfected all the commands needed to configure cisco routers and switches.
Junior successfully completed this week's main tasks without any challenge. He also deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by anyone connected to internet.
As long as she respects SOPs and puts on a mask, sarah won't have issues with traffic officers.
Chrispus successfully completed this week's tasks and he's progressing well.
Collins met expectations for the week.
Despite a few challenges especially power blackouts,  Abudlah managed to set up the mobile app development enviroment.
She successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the development environment for the mobile App
Thanks Alex for the positive attitude exhibited so far. This is very essential for your professional and personal development. Keep it up.
Received the spreadsheet, please check out for the presence of non-alphanumeric characters.
Mariam managed to debug coding errors and also set up the mobile app development.
Mary successfully set up the development enviroment for the mobile app.
The student learnt how to troubleshoot, diagnose and recognise RAM-related problems in a computer, and remedies to correct these problems.
She is picking up so well and having a good team work spirit
I encourage Resty to upgrade her machine.
Joshua successfully set up the mobile app development enviroment.
Off to a great start. Fortunately, most of the major topics required were taught by the university especially networking and Database Management making it easier to progress.
I encourage Sandra to get used to debugging and also upgrade her machine
Pamella managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the mobile app development enviroment.
Hilda had a few issues with IOS commands but she managed to get them all.
Dauglas successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by any one connected to internet. This offer is valid for 4 months.
The costumer user interface presented how the customers could use the system which was successful
A slow machine can frustrate any developer. So I encourage Marvin to upgrade his machine for better performance.
Despite afew challenges, Edwin managed to complete this week's task, that is, setting up the mobile app development enviroment.
Despite afew challenges, Francis has managed to set up the development  enviroment for a mobile delivery App. I encourage him to upgrade his machine for better performance.
Katumba is familiar with the Basics of PHP and he can use it to write simple USSD applications, he can deploy his code to the remote server through GitHub.
Martha successfully set up the development enviroment for the mobile app
She successfully set up the mobile app development enviroment.
She didn't face any challenges this week, and completed all tasks with ease.
Warid successfully set up the mobile app development enviroment.
He successfully set up the development enviroment for the Mobile Delivery App.
Progressive
Ismail should learn to go an extra mile and do more research on internet about new technologies / concepts
Sometimes network issues are innevitable. So I encourage Samson to make use of recorded videos but most importantly, contact the Lead Developer who is always ready to help.
Moses successfully set up the development enviroment for the mobile app. I also encourage him to upgrade his machine for better user experience.
Jackson successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the development enviroment for the mobile app.
Elijah has to get used to debugging since it's part of coding.
Despite afew challenges especially power black outs, Emmilly successfuly set up the mobile app development enviroment.
A fast machine makes work easy for a developer. So I encourage Samuel to upgrade his laptop
Phiona managed to set up the mobile app development enviroment.
Collins managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the development enviroment for the mobile delivery App.
In these third week of Musumba's internship at our place, Regardless of the remote nature of the placement, He didn't require a-lot of supervision, He finishes his work timely
He is consistent, Takes messages and writes correspondences where needed.
He is doing a great job with us.
Despite transport challenge, Leticia managed to start internship at Stratcom and she is doing well.
I was impressed with how he has quickly learned to use some of the data analysis libraries as his forte is front end development.  I look forward to seeing how he will use these insights to guide the frontend and API development for the data.
Advised to collate results from the questionnaire.
He successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the development environment for the mobile delivery App.
Joanita has obtained knowledge of PHP, she can also push her code to the GitHub repository
Thank you Priscilla for the progress made so far. Keep up the spirit. Please cooperate with your colleagues and the DevOps attache to make sure you can commit and push your code to the server.
Nsimbe can now push code to the GitHub repository. But she is still learning the basics of PHP
Thank you Shivan for the progress registered this week. Keep up the spirit as we progress with the assignment.
Kenneth should upgrade his machine for better performance.
Joshua has perfected all the commands needed to configure dynamic and default routes on routers.
Despite afew challenges like transport, Williams managed to start internship at Stratcom and he's doing well.
With her colleagues to collate the questionnaire responses.
Always willing to perform personal research and has a spirit of team work
A machine that freezes can frustrate any developer. I encourage Daniel to upgrade his machine for better performance.
Raymond managed to complete this week's main task, that is, setting up the mobile app development enviroment without any challenges.
Magembe is getting familiar with working with web technologies as well as deployment of software to the production server.
Good work
The tasks for this week have been mainly to orient Diana to understanding the data and kind of problem we shall be working with and I am satisfied with the EDA conducted so far and the interactions.
Progressive
steadily progressing and promising
He is interested in learning.
Not limited to what he knows. 
Exploration is his thing.
First week of internship with him on our development team was a success.
research on different data types, functions and classes in c#
He successfully set up the development enviroment for a mobile delivery app.
Joshua is extremely eager to learn and take on new challenges. several tasks this week have been successfully administered by Joshua in minimum supervision by me. And we have a registered an excellent working ethics improvement of him this week. This week he has generated a project report for Mobvet, Designed and developed a product order form, and other tasks as listed above. The progress is evident thanks.
Research on C# public and private classes
Sharon has made quick work of the categorization of the data based on the different attributes of the dataset. Filters have been created to help with summarizing of the data. She is also very proactive through constant consultation and updates of the ongoing work.
Good progress Andrew. Keep up this spirit.
Alex successfully set up the mobile app development enviroment. I also encourage him to always consult the Lead Developer incase he fails to debug coding errors.
Despite afew challenges, she's progressing well.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 3 reviewed and acknowledged.
Please be specific about the tasks you undertook rather than saying you undertook several tasks. Was the dataset used public? If so, it would be necessary to provide link to the source. But your initial project didn't have anything to do with call logs data but water portability, did anything change along the way?
Ruth managed to set up the mobile app development enviroment without any challenges.
He successfully completed this week's main tasks, that is,  configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices and installing software (operating systems and application software on) on end devices.
She managed to complete this week's main tasks that is, configuring VLANs on layer 2 devices and intervlan routing using router on stick method.
Rafusanjani can now write a USSD application but with small experience.
Coding errors are part of coding. So Ian has to get used to debugging errors.
Keep up the good work Trevor. Your team has registered good progress.
she  can easily adapt to new technologies.
Umaru's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Thank you Sharifa for leading your team through this assignment. Please take note of the lessons learnt and apply them in the next assignment accordingly.
Asingwire can integrate SMS in her application, she can also write USSD applications.
Thank you Viola for the commitment and resilience. I encourage you to interact more with your colleagues and share the challenges that you are facing when learning and writing your code so that you can help each other out.
Using PHP and MySQLi, Kimuli can write a simple USSD application, integrates SMS into it, and then deploys it on a live server through GitHub. He is getting familiar with these technologies.
Lilian successfully set up the mobile app development enviroment.
Derick can now use PHP and MySQL alongside Africa'sTalking to developed a simple USSD application.
Using PHP, Bazaale can write code that send a simple SMS to the user
Good job. You however need to be more specific in your tasks
Progressive
Was able to do the graphics and web design work.
Despite transport challenge, he managed to  complete this week's tasks, that is, configuring VLANs on layer 2 devices and installing software on end devices
Solution to the above challenges was through student downloading the videos recorded and the support group.
This is well done and She is able to articulate the programming environments even on zoom
Xavier completed this week's main task of setting up the mobile app development enviroment without any challenges.
This is very ok. Well done.
Had to give in time to understand well database design
Timothy can now set up a LAMP stack, he can install Apache2, PHP-MySQL server, and PHPMyAdmin on a Ubuntu server. He can secure his SQL server with a password, however he learns slowly.
Progressive irrespective of the slow internet
Using PHP and MySQL, Kirya can write a simple USSD application with support from Afrika'sTalking
Patricia can write a simple SMS and USSD application supported by PHP and MySQLi using Africa'sTalking API. she can push the code to the remote repository, I guided her on how to make secure deployment so she succeeded.
She did not do this at our company
Collaborative development using GIT-HUB was a key skill set learnt this week.
Began on report as he was finishing other work at hand.
He multi-tasked since we had multiple tasks at hand.
Progressive
Kaweesi has got a good introduction to working with web files, he can connect assets properly, he also acquired the basic knowledge of working with PHP, he can also deploy his code on a remote server through GitHub.
Progressive.
Progressive
Rebecca successfully set up the mobile app development enviroment.
Student's appreciation was positive   as  regards  web-hooks technology as a means of updating a secondary platform of events occurring in the reference platform .
Thank you Hillary for keeping the fire burning. Please try to encourage your team members to also move faster so that the project does not fall behind schedule.
Despite afew challenges, Jacintah managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the mobile app development enviroment.
Businge has obtained knowledge of working with PHP and MySQL, he can also write simple USSD and SMS applications
Matia can write a simple PHP application and push his code to GitHub, he still has a problem with USSD.
Tuyizere can set up apache2, PHP, and secure PHP-MySQL server on a Ubuntu remote VPS.  he has obtained knowledge of working with cPanel, so he can connect his remote server to a DNS zone and then secure it with an SSL certificate.
He can do remote ITC support using a TeamViewer. He has obtained knowledge of PHP and MySQL, he can push his code to a GitHub repository and deploy it to the remote secure server.
progressive
Despite network issues, Calvin managed to set up the mobile app development enviroment
he likes to challenge himself to try different approaches in solving a problem
Challenged by the Laptop
Learnt collaborative development which was a new skillset  to him.
Keep up the positive attitude and commitment Jedidiah. Please engage your colleagues more so that we can complete the project within the scheduled time.
The fast learning  of the new  technologies such as Linux Containers and ERPNEXT /Frappejs was very impressive.
Students were taught  how to  use the LXD and LXC virtualization platform .
Though  this is a new platform  it  has  lots of advantage comparedd to  docker .
The student successfully completed  the assignment  from  the local instance  of  the erpnext platform . 
It  should be noted  that  the backup Pelican SaaS platform  was off for time  and  instances the students were working on had to be migrated to the main  platform .
Bronson's grasp for new technologies is really impressive . His efforts  with  web-hooks helped the company change the way we implemented database driven event notifications .
The student was the lead developer in the payment gateway integrations .
Good work. You have started off well. Since the PDF to csv conversion is incomplete, its okay to move it to the next week.  The rest of the tasks will wait for other weeks. 

In regards to the conversion, split the tasks into:
1)  reading from PDF to text 
2) formatting the text 
3) linking to csv libraries 
4) generating csv

Good luck
Mayanja Adrian Performed well in the ecommerce analysis, get insights that help business perform better.
Progressive
Progressive
Progressed in the CRUD
Progressive
Micheal is quite proactive in solving issues as they come up in what he is developing. He also takes feedback positively. The last week was fruitful. He was able to deliver on his to-dos satisfactorily
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 3 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
Good progress Racheal, please organise your team and ensure they can all commit and push code seamlessly.
Keep up the good work. An area of improvement is to collaborate more with the front end team. Keep up the good work.
Because of transport challenge, I encourage Andrew to plan his movements abit early.
Batale has obtained knowledge of working with SMS and USSD using PHP and MySQL.
Advised to collate the results with her colleagues. Otherwise, great work
Good understanding of transact SQL. Managed to understand good programming design principles.
All tasks and concepts are well understood. Do a lot of practice.
Good work done.
Practice installing and customizing themes.
Excellent work.
This was done well and I was impressed
I encourage Ssemuga to always find time and come to Stratcom  for practice. Incase of any challenge, he should contact the Lead Trainer.
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
Thank you Mariam for hanging in there. Please keep up the spirit and try to move faster.
Progressive
Thank you Nabil for being an active member of this team during the course of this assignment. Please take note of the lessons going into the second assignment.
The week was challenging, to him but considered progressive because i looked the work after and he had coped up with others.
Progressive in  the tasks at hand.
I was impressed with the selected deployment strategy for the models. Iann went with existing simple framework as opposed to building new interfaces from scratch. This is a very good for testing and making rapid changes as the interface and the models are lightly coupled.
Multitasked well the activities at hand .
all tasks were delivered on time
Progressive in collaborative development
Timothy had some challenges coding the backend, however at his own initiative he researched online for solutions and was able to resolve the challenges since he was working remotely due COVID19. At this point the team members had finished their required tasks of contributing some code. I am sacrificed with his ability to work as a team member and a leader. However I had noticed when he came to location he had challenges with his dressing code which was not befitting the corporate culture. I asked him to come in so that we can discuss the project progress one on one and took time to advice him to improve his dress code.
You need to own your work more. Otherwise, you have shown great agility and resilience while under pressure. Your interpersonal skills are also getting better.
Thanks Viola, keep up the spirit and we wind up this assignment and move to the next one.
Challenged by the computer's ram and disk capacity.
Thank you Ryan for the diligence and focus. Please keep it up.
Umar's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Benadette, I encourage you to review the solution design document of the second project carefully and then proceed to development.
Geofrey has obtained knowledge of making payment integration with PHP, JS, HTML, and MySQLi. therefore he can enable customers to pay online.
Louisa maanaged to complete this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile app.
Magembe can write a simple SMS and USSD application using the Africa'stalking API, he can also deploy his code to the remote server. Learning is a process.
Davis successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges. He's a promising developer.
Sam has not faced any internship related challenges. He's doing well so far.
The student has successfully mastered how to interface with graphics design software
Timothy has successfully completed this week's tasks. He can activate routing protocols on layer 3 devices and install software on PCs
He successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile App. I also encourage Abdullah to get used to debugging errors since debugging is inseparable with coding.
Thank you Zaharah for all your efforts on this assignment. I encourage you to cooperate more with your team colleagues, synchronise your work and we will have better performance as a team and attain our project objectives.
Yvette completed this week's main task i.e setting up the database enviroment for the mobile app.
As the week wound up, Solomon exhibited impressive skills in handling issues arising with the organization's printers, scanners and photocopiers. Please maintain that
She is a hardworking student and good at oral communication and is self confident.
He is hard working
Paul is a self-driven individual who has provided great service to the new NORAD project. He led a team of 4 people in splitting tasks in the web site. He has been able to quickly learn the new framework and most importantly deliver quality work
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
Good job. Keep it up
Making steady progress. Sessions start in time and none have been missed so far, keep it up
Ronald doesn't need internet to complete networking tasks. I encourage him to use networking equipment at Stratcom for practice.
Steven has perfected all commands needed to activate routing protocols on layer 3 devices. He is doing well.
Resty successfully set up the database enviroment for the mobile app. I encourage her to upgrade her machine.
Gloria completed this week's main task of setting up the database environment for the mobile App.
Completed sprint successfully and managed to get comfortable with the frontend code repo.
I encourage Hilda to practice all the cisco IOS commands using simulation software called packet tracer. Whenever she has time, she is free to come to Stratcom and use (set up and configure) networking devices here.
Despite internet challenge, Mary managed to complete this week's main tasks. I also encourage her to make use of recordings and also contact the Lead Developer incase of any coding challenge.
He successfully completed this week's main task, that is, setting up the database environment for the mobile App.
He successfully set up the database environment for the mobile App.  He is doing well so far.
Still needs to improve on the coding capabilities nevertheless the work was completed.
A slow machine can frustrate any developer. I encourage Aida to upgrade her machine for better performance.
Strong and well fused soldering beads created by the student using the soldering gun.
The student demonstrated proper use and reading of a digital multimeter.
Working on the prediction analysis of Walmart datasets takes a lot of detailing. Happy with her contribution to it.
Chrispus successfully set up the database enviroment for the mobile App. I also encourage him to get used to debugging errors since they are innevitable.
Lubega Nabunje's show a lot of promise in here work. She is really focused and I'm happy with the commitment and dedication she put in the project.
very willing to take on responsibilities.
self driven
Matia has acquired knowledge of integration payment in his web system using PHP, JS, and HTML.
Basic filtering functions to group the data across the different datasets has been done and reviewed.
We have had a lot of conversation about how to handle and GPS data and how this can be used to enrich the dataset description.
Flexible and easily adapts to new skills and was of doing things
This work was done on time
Most aspiring developers hate coding errors. But Mariam does whatever she can (debugging) so that her code runs.
Lucky can now write simple USSD and SMS applications, she can also make Mobile money and Card integration using Flutterwave, PHP, HTML, and JS. at this level she can write a complete project by herself and deploy it on a secure live server.
The first set of visualizations for the data has been completed which is a major milestone for the internship. The visualizations will serve as a guide for the developing endpoints and the web dashboard that is being handles by other members on the team
Despite a few challenges especially with some tools, he managed to set up the development environment for a mobile delivery App.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Joan did not require constant supervision
Joan's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper..
She has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
Some times internet issues are innevitable. Despite these challenges, Dauglas managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile app.
Despite afew coding errors which he successfully debugged, Alex managed to complete this week's tasks.
Despite afew challenges, Joshua managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile App.
Incase of internet connectivity issues, I encourage Francis to make use of recordings. He is also free to contact the Lead Developer for help any time.
She completed this week's tasks, that is, configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices and installing application software on end devices.
Benon's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Charlotte perfected all commands needed to activate / enable Interior Gateway routing protocols on layer 3 devices.
Martha should get used to debugging errors since it's part of coding.
Successfully completed his tasks, well elaborated  medium article.
Kenneth now has knowledge of writing USSD and SMS applications with PHP and MySQLi supported by Africa'sTalking API.
Kenneth has acquired knowledge of writing a payment integration in a web system. he can integrate MTN and Airtel Mobile money as well Paypal and card using PHP, MySQLi, HTML, and JS.
She's doing great
Advised to prepare a presentation to the team - basics of Sketch
Despite afew coding challenges, Moses managed to successfully set up a database for the mobile app.
Marvin managed to complete this week's main task, that is, setting up the database environment for the mobile App.
A slow machine can frustrate any developer. So I encourage Edwin to upgrade his computer for better performance
The tasks being worked on were not part of the initial plan, did anything change?
Norah managed to complete this week's tasks. She should also get used to debugging coding errors.
I an satisfied with the serialization of the data backend, specifically the auto formatting of model field types to native formats which simplifies the use of the data in end applications.
Some times Rogers is distracted and is not motivated enough to fully concentrate. I encourage him to focus on the task at hand.  That aside, he managed to complete this week's task of setting up the database enviroment for the delivery App.
Despite all the errors which he successfully debugged,  Warid managed to complete this week's tasks.
Leticia successfully completed this week's tasks. Because of transport challenge, I encourage her to plan her movements a bit early.
He successfully completed this week's main tasks, that is, configuring routing protocols on layers 3 devices and VLANs on layer 2 devices.
Thanks Priscilla for remaining committed and persistent. Please interact more with your team members so that we can complete the project on time.
Katumba has acquired knowledge of integrating Mobile money and Credit card payment into a web system. using MySQLi, PHP, HTML, and JS
Collins met expectations for the week.
A slow computer can frustrate a developer.  So  I encourage Mwesigwa to upgrade his machine.
Samson successfully deployed the messaging app online and it can be accessed by any one connected to internet. This offer is valid for 4 months.
Samuel should get used to debugging since it's part of coding.
Good
Task accomplished on time.
Reviewed the Kampala city HTML/CSS work. Very good initiative.
Great Progress
Musumba's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Pamella successfully set up the database enviroment for the mobile app. She should also get used to debugging errors.
Xavier managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile app. I also encourage him to contact the Lead developer incase of complicated concepts.
He's passionate about Networking and completes all tasks assigned to him with ease.
More research and efforts needed in understanding the MVC architecture
In coding, errors are innevitable. Jackson has to learn to deal with them (debugging).
In coding, errors are innevitable. So Sandra should expect more errors when working on other projects (apps). Fortunately, errors can be debugged.
Please share the list of literature you read.  She's learned how to use pyaudioanalysis library
He successfully setup the database enviroment for the delivery App.
Research on variables and conditions in c#
Joshua Kakembo, has effectively synchronized well with my team and it's a pleasure to have him with us for this period of internship. He provided a good evaluation of information from clients  I asked him to review. This week he has effectively and efficiently made updates on the Mobvet Ug Web App project and as well attended to the vehicle parking management system in Php and Mysql. 
Joshua's progress is noticeable.
Nuhu successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the database environment for the mobile App.
Jacob walks to Stratcom for training sessions. I encourage him to continue walking because it's good for his health.
Lilian successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile App.
Despite a few challenges, Caroli managed to start internship at Stratcom
Emmanuel completed this week's tasks with out any challenges.
Thank you Shivan, please keep up the spirit. Interact more with your colleagues so that we can complete the assignment on time.
I have guided Nicholas on the working of the different technologies that he will be using to access and expose the data. He has done quick learners courses on the DRF and Odata endpoints and is ready to implement the solutions.
More research needed on Objects and classes
Mwangi learnt the new skillset of online collaboration development
She successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the database environment for the mobile app.
GIT hub collaborative development was the area of Focus for Apollo this week and he delivered with the team he worked with this week.
Raymond managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile app.
The devotion and effort your putting into this learning process is quite impressing. Please keep going.
Jacintah successfully  completed this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile app.
The first milestone for the internship for analyzing and visualizing the first dataset has been completed. This analysis will be used to guide the creation of API's to expose and visualize the data through a web application by other team members.
I look forward to the analysis of the new data that has been shared with her.
Thank you Andrew for the diligence exhibited in the first assignment. I encourage you to carry this into the second assignment. I will get in touch with you and Trevor so that we can wrap up the first assignment and conduct User Acceptance Tests.
Despite a few challenges, Daniel completed this week's main task. That is, setting up the development and database environment for a mobile delivery App.
Great progress. Share any literature you read on audio generation
Despite COVID restrictions, Resty has managed to come to Stratcom and complete this week's tasks.
The aim of this task was to introduce Mr. Kiyingi to how we approach business development. He did his research and submitted for Tender opportunities out of which we were able to submit a proposal for one. We haven't received communication from the Purchaser on who the tender was awarded to.
Very Good performance from Isaac Sempiira
Mulema has obtained knowledge of working with PHP and SQL, he can write simple PHP scripts as well as SQL. He can also push code to his repository and deploy it to the remote server.
progressive
Had development environment challenges but  was later sorted .
Ruth successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile App. Incase of poor network, I encourage her to make use of recordings and contact the Lead developer for guidance.
Patricia managed to complete this week's main tasks that is ( configuring routing protocols on layers 3 devices and installing operating system ) without any challenge.
Successfully handled tasks of computer hardware and maintenance given to him
Emilly successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile app.
Andrew's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Thanks Alex for the effort. Please interact more with me and the team. I will expand your team next week.
I encourage Muyimba to continue walking to Stratcom after all, walking is good for his health.
Rafusanjani has obtained knowledge on integrating payments into a web system using MySQLi, PHP, HTML, and JS.
Nothing is too hard or complicated to be done.   I encourage Ian to make use of internet and do more research on backend development.
Learnt new skill set of collaborative development using GIT HUB
The student presented to me the admin user interface which was successful
Progressive
Great work on re-enumeration of datasets. Let me know in case of any issues when setting up on Heroku
A great step on setting up Pontoon. Focus on linking Pontoon to Github project that has sample strings now.
She has got a good introduction to PHP and she will learn more with time
Namale is slowly acquiring knowledge of writing real-world software to solve real work problems, she is in the process of knowing how to make payment integrations with Mobile Money and Card using simple HTML, JS, MySQLi, and PHP. Learning is a process
Derick  has obtained knowledge of making Mobile money and Credit card payment integration sung PHP, HTML, JS and MySQLi
Kenneth successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the database enviroment for the mobile delivery app. I also encourage him to always refer to recorded videos at the end of each session incase of unstable internet and to contact the Leader Developer for guidance.
Harnest completed this week's tasks without any challenges. He's doing well.
Did you complete the task for posting the chats to the remote server? If not, this is the task you should be working on.
She managed to complete this week's main task of setting up the database environment for the mobile app.
Mutamba Abudi has done very well on his first week as our Analyst intern, analysing all the metrics of the company's social media platforms.
He is a self-driven young man and from the way, I see it, a workaholic. He has performed all his duties as assigned to him in the first week neatly.
The only flaw observed in him as of this week, he still lacks a little bit of confidence when talking to a large group of people.
But all in all, we are very glad to have him as our intern and hope to grow his skills and the business as a whole in his internship.
Progressive
Using wire can now integrate Credit cards and a Mobile money payment in a web system using MySQL, PHP, HTML, and JS.
Bazaale has acquired knowledge working with USSD and SMS applications, he can also make Mobile money and card integration in his web portal.
This is completed successfully
Discussion completed successfully.
Has clear understanding of GPRS service
Discussion through service flows went well.
Finished Creative work and focused on networking.
she is getting the understanding and basic concepts and managed to design a simple form
she managed to do multiple tasks assigned to her and balance them properly.
She is a fast learner and asks questions where she doesn't understand
Thank you Kenneth for all your efforts. I encourage you to strive towards attaining a higher level of consistency and punctuality. These two are critical aspects of personal discipline that greatly contributes to our success as professionals. Keep up the positive vibe and energy.
Thank you Racheal for all your efforts. I encourage you to mobilise and energise your team more so that the efforts of everybody are in sync. We need to bring this assignment to a close.
Kaweesi can write a simple USSD and SMS application using the Africa'sTalking API. he can also write simple SQL commands like INSERT INTO, CREATE, SELECT, ORDER BY, DESC or ASC, etc. He can also execute these commands using PHP (MySQLi).
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 4 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 4 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
Progressive
This was done
Challenged by the computer this week.
Progressive
Thank you Sharifa for always embracing leadership and its attendant challenges. I encourage you to take more time and understand this second assignment, which is not necessarily coding a website, but extending the functionality of a wordpress website by way of building a plugin to help in the management of some of the company operations on a day to day basis.
Calvin successfully completed this week's main task of setting up the database environment for the mobile app.
Tasks 1 - 3 were done well but task 4 has not been completed please take time and complete it
Despite the limited time the student was able to accomplish the tasks. She showed extra interest in learning.
Thank you Walter. I am interested in knowing more about the actual details of the tasks you have been working on and those in progress. We shall discuss this in the coming week's standup meetings.
Thank you Walter for staying the course. Please try to be more detailed and particular in presenting the tasks accomplished in a week and those in progress for my better understanding of your professional development.
Thanks Ryan for the report. A little more detail and particularity on the tasks would improve your weekly reporting. I will expound on this in the coming week's standup meetings.
we will meet on 9th August to see how to get you a temporary solution   but you need to write clearer statements
Collaborative development was area of focus this week.
Work well done. I will expect you learn different tools used in MTN to monitor mobile money.
This was done
Good implementation of stored procedures, and c# desktop environment. Still improving in terms of using proper design principles.
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
One of the most important parts of this job is figuring out what could be the problem and solve it with whatever information is available. so understanding errors and what could mean is key, use of documentation is also important and this is why i decided to let Joshua take the task on without much help from me. Good progress has been made.
A little more work is needed as regards communication and timely responses to tasks. But in general, a lot has been archived.
Alvin has been able to re-implement the Unet segmentation model for necrosis. He has upgraded the libraries used from Tensorflow 1.0 to Tensorflow 2.0 which is more optimized for the operations.
Thank you Hillary for the good progress registered so far. I encourage you to engage your colleague more so that you can synchronise your efforts better in order to allow us conclude the assignment in time.
Progressive with other tasks being handled as we introduced networking .
Thank you Jedidiah for staying focused on attaining the objectives of the project. I encourage you to engage more with your remaining teammate so that you synchronise your work even before turning up for the daily standup meetings. This will make all of us move faster to project completion.
Progressive.
To demo nmap to fellow interns
Progressive
Valuable insights from the user experience feedback. Also good job with the other fixes taken, indicates you are now familiar with react basics.
This was completed
Keep up the participation in meetings.
Good job with the investigation.
Good display of design competence with the Figma task. Looking forward to seeing more contribution in Figma.
Progressive
Nickson was able  to acquire the new skillset introduced to then that week.
Good Job. Ms. Tumuhairwe is a hardworking and reliable individual
Technically challenged by the Laptop ,although followed the recorded videos to catch up.
Happy with the effort taken to increase his work rate.
Gerald can write basic PHP scripts as well as MySQLi, so he can manipulate the database using PHP and MySQL, He has obtained knowledge of deploying software to a live server through github.
Gerald has acquired knowledge of how to integrate Mobile money and Credit payment into a web system.
Time and experience will help him get comfortable using postman for API testing and documentation, other than everything was a success.
He performed well, and we commend his research skills.
Well done. Keep it up.
Challenged by GITHUB since collaborative development  was also a new area to Cheptegei
Good performance in the week.
- accomplished all tasks for the weekly sprint
- contributed good ideas on how to revise existing pages to make them more functional
- display of good presentation skills.
whatever assignment he is given either data collection, data analysis or programming some interfaces, he accomplishes the assignments in time.
Progressive in all fields at hand ,mostly graphics  and using GIT.
Patricia has obtained knowledge on how to make a payment integration with PHP, HTML, and JS using Fluueterwave she can receive Mobile money or Airtel money, or Credit card payments through her web portal.
Progressive
Iann made a very good presentation of the entire project to his academic supervisor showcasing the cancer prediction tool. We made a few comments and observations for areas that could be changed but overall we were very impressed by the outcome of the project.
Good progress registered Nabil. I encourage you to keep it up and you will have a great deal to write home about this experience.
Tuyizere has acquired knowledge about the basics of PHP and HTML, he can also push his source code to GitHub. he still needs to practice more so that he can be perfect when it comes to solving real-world problems.
Tuyizere can now write simple USSD and SMS applications using PHP and MySQLi driver with support from Africa'sTalking gateway.
Lydia was new to programming the web, but she is learning one concept at a time, if she continues practicing, she can program for the web.
Lydia has acquired database knowledge and she can now write simple SQL queries like SELECT, INSERT INTO, ORDER BY DESC or ASC, GROUP BY, COUNT, SUM, UPDATE, DELETE, etc.  She can now manipulate the database using PHP MySQLi driver.
Lydia got some problems with understanding SMS and USSD, she needed to realize that she should concentrate to make it work. I will do a personal follow up on that
Rwebikire has acquired knowledge about writing simple USSD applications using MySQL and PHP with support from Africa'sTalking getway.
Ahimbisibwe has acquired knowledge in writing simple SMS applications. She still has a problem working with USSD. Learning is a process
Lukwago can now write Simple SQL queries on her PHP-MySQL remote server
Richard has acquired the basics of working with Databases. He can also manipulate the database using the PHP-MySQLi driver. He does not know how to write the syntax of PHP, Richard you need to pay attention to the rules that govern PHP syntax.
Lukwago can now write simple PHP scripts, she has adequate knowledge of PHP basics. She can also push her code to a GitHub repository.
Aisha has acquired a good introduction to Apache server setup, she can now set up her remote server, she can install a LAMP stack on a ubuntu server.
I was impressed by the depth of the concept note for the experiments. Iann defined up to 5 different baseline methods that would be used for the task and this is comprehensive in terms of modelling an optimum solution for the problem he is working on
Thank you Trevor for the commitment. We will put this task on hold to first handle an emergency and then we shall revert to it in the second week of August.
Richard is getting familiar with PHP syntax, he can now receive user data through HTML forms, passes it to PHP, and then manipulates it back and forth from the database. He can send SMS notifications with PHP.
Aisha has acquired knowledge about MySQLi, she can now manipulate the database using PHP, she can also write SMS applications.
Businge has acquired some knowledge about making Card and Mobile money payment integration using the Knowledge of PHP and MySQLi
Derrick can now develop a payment integration using flutterwave, PHP, JS, HTML, and MySQL. You simply need to start thinking of solutions that you can build for the people.
Andrew successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
Using the Knowledge of PHP and MySQL, Aisha can now write a Simple USSD and SMS application using the Africa'sTalking mobile gateway.
Wotsuna had problems with the deployment of source code to the remote server, but we answered him in this last session.
Using PHP, JS, and HTML, Lukwago can now make a MoMo and Card payment integration using the Flutterwave payment getaway.
Bwimi has acquired knowledge in working with SMS and USSD application, but she still has a challenge in writing proper syntax for PHP, there you need to practice more.
all task were completed on time
Need to onboard him on setting up analytics
progressive
Magembe has acquired knowledge of making payment integration using PHP, JS, and HTML. He as an introduction to the use of Flutterwave. If he continues practicing, he will learn more.
Calvin successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a multi page responsive website for his former school.
We answered and discussed most of the things that were not yet clear to her. Hopefully, she will apply the knowledge in real work.
Great progress. Keep learning
Good teamwork was shown this week. Your problem-solving skills are good and I am still keen on you taking ownership of your work.
the student has grasp how to install operating system software and the supporting software on the computer
she is also a faster learner interns of mastering the technological ideas
Mourisha is a quick learner and has the urge to learn new things. She however needs more exposure to the field for more hands on work.
I commend you Bena for the commitment and diligence exhibited. Your positive attitude is laudable and will really take you place and make you an admirable professional. Keep it up.
The student gained a holistic understanding of various types of screens and how to differentiate them.
The student learnt various practical aspects about capacitors like how to discharge them, how to differentiate the rods of a capacitor, etc.
I encourage Yvette to upgrade her machine so that it can handle heavy tasks.
I am impressed with his relentlessness to fix errors and understanding of cases where they occur.
Solomon participated in the networking project that was running at the Commission and I believe he picked up some invaluable skills that will benefit him in the future.
Xavier successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a Job Connect App from scratch. This app will connect job seekers to recruiters.
Emmanuel Configured Internet Banking System as instructed and he did it successful. He displayed professionalism in handling IT related issues.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
He learned network connection , crimping of Ethernet Cables and assigning IP Addresses to a computer and was able to share data across the devices.
Field Attachment tasks fully and well accomplished!
Benon's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Hilda has successfully completed this week's tasks. Because of curfew, I encourage her to plan her movements a bit early.
Progressed in the systems development tasks at hand.
Louisa successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a Job Connect App. This app will connect job seekers to recruiters.
very good performance
Kenneth successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a Job Connect App from scratch. This app will connect job seekers to recruiters.
Very Good Performance
Umar's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Despite the internet expenses, he managed to lead the sprint and be in sync with the rest of the team.
She acquired the practical skills needed to set up a Small Office Home Network (SOHO) and also setup a  cyber cafe of 6 computers.
Collins met expectations for the week.
Joan's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
Joan did not require constant supervision
She has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
She is hardworking and has good leadership skills.
he is open to learning new concepts in a given programming language even if he has no ideas about them and he follows what he is told to do
Timothy completed the eCommerce system and integrated it with the website and the payment system as well. The client was invited to come in and a presentation of the minimum viable website (prototype) was presented to her. The client was happy with the prototype but as expected introduced new features which were not part of the original design. I tasked Timothy to discuss the additions with the client and he was able to have a fruitful discussion with the client which resulted into two new additional features namely adding submission form, and adding an image to the video section.
Despite electricity challenge, Stom managed to code the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a Job Connect App from scratch. This App will connect job seekers to recruiters.
I encourage Patricia to make use of Stratcom wifi incase she needs to access any resource online.
Mary successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a multi page dynamic website for her former school.
Davis successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a multi page responsive website for his former school.
Aida completed this week's main task of building the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. In case of poor network, I encourage her to make use of recordings. She is also free to contact the Lead Developer any time for help.
Thank you Viola for the diligence and commitment. I hope you will now be able to get better network coverage since the lockdown has been lifted.
I commend you Mariam for the positive attitude exhibited so far. I am sure you will have the new tasks before the week commences.
Resty successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building Stratcom Internship Registration App.
Abdullah successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding Internship registration App from scratch.
It's because of damaged BNC cables that Harnest wasn't able to set up a surveillance system this week. This task will be completed next week.
Gloria successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building internship registration app from scratch.
Mariam successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a multi page responsive website for her former school.
He successfully set up the database environment for the mobile delivery App. Incase of power issues, I encourage Junior to make use of recordings. He can also contact  the Lead Developer any time for help.
Timothy completes tasks with ease. He is a promising Networking guru.
Thanks Alex for the persistence and commitment. I hope you will be a better professional at the end of the assignments.
He wasn't familiar with some networking equipment but we managed to show him practically how to operate them (intermediary devices ) and he's now good.
I encourage Sarah to get used to walking because it's good for her health.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
Alex successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a multi page responsive website for his former school.
Limited knowledge with ERP systems but a good learning speed to catch up.
Sam managed to complete this week's tasks without any challenge.
Thanks Priscilla for the persistence and commitment. Keep it up.
I encourage Rogers to get used to debugging errors since it's (debugging) part of coding.  After coding the delivery App, he's going to embark on the internship challenge, that is, coding a responsive multi page website.
He successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building an app (web or mobile) from scratch.
Warid successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a multi page responsive website for his former school.
Marvin successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a  multi page dynamic website for his former school.
Edwin successfully coded the mobile delivery app and  built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building an app (web or mobile) from scratch.
Despite afew errors which she debugged, Norah successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding an app from scratch.
Martha successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding Stratcom Internship Registration System from scratch.
Despite a few errors which he managed to debug, Ismail successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a web App that enables students to register for internship at Stratcom.
Despite the power outage, good job with the other fixes taken up, indicates you have learnt the react basics.
The Mock ups guided us in creating a minimal viable product for digital customer profiling platform in preparation for  demonstration to potential customers
Sandra successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building an app (web or mobile) from scratch.
Moses successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a multi page dynamic website for his former school.
Mwesigwa successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a job connect app from scratch. This app connects  job seekers to recruiters.
Pamella successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a Job Connect App from scratch. This app will connect job seekers to recruiters.
Leticia successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge. She is a promising Networking professional.
He managed to set up a wireless LAN and he can now configure any type of access point. He can also build and configure access lists on layer 3 devices to restrict access to network  resources.
Jackson  successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a multi page responsive website for his former school.
This work is well done.
Despite afew challenges, Joshua managed to complete this week's tasks.
Andrew's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Task well done
Keep learning
Despite afew challenges, Collins successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building an app (web or mobile) from scratch.
Ian successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building internship registration app from scratch.
Dauglas successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building an app (web or mobile) from scratch.
Completed the assignment and showed good understanding of the concepts
Phiona successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a multi page responsive website for her former school.
We are impressed by Isaac Sempiira input on the virtual internship with BCG
Please share the interface in next week's presentation
Samson successfully completed this week's main task, that is, setting up the development enviroment for a mobile delivery App.
Emilly successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a Job Connect App from scratch. This App will connect job seekers to recruiters.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks.
I encourage Daniel to contact the Lead Developer so that he can show him how to debug errors in code.
Raymond successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a Job Connect App from scratch. This app will connect job seekers to recruiters.
Ruth successfully coded the mobile delivery app. She also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a COVID Tracker App from scratch.
Thank you Andrew for the diligence exhibited thus far. Next week we shall revert to the payments plugin and go through the process of publishing it in the WooCommerce marketplace.
He successfully completed this week's main tasks, that is, configuring VLANs on layer 2 devices and fixing PCs
Nuhu successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a Job connect App from scratch. This App will link job seekers to recruiters.
Good
Emmanuel successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a multi page responsive website for his former school.
Mr. Joshua this week has worked on a vehicle parking management system in PHP laravel. The project is under development with a good progressive projection. This project has helped the trainee to exercise his programming and coding skills in PHP. 
There is a distinctive growth in the working ethics of the trainee and efficiency growth is observed.
I encourage Jacob to plan his movement a bit early to avoid issues with security personnel.
I encourage Resty to plan her movements abit early and avoid being inconvenienced by security during curfew time.
New tasks for the handling of GPS data for quality analysis of the datasets. We have had meetings to discuss the possible theoretical approaches for detection of anomalous data points. Diana has managed to add new features to the data using reverse geo-coding and this will enable the creation of more refined filters for the data.
Analysis for one of the new datasets has been completed and the results have been presented to a satisfactory level. We have also had discussions about how to utilize some of the data attributes to impute the missing values in the dataset where applicable and I look forward to the implementation of the proposed solutions.
The database created contained a list of items which were sold , this went on well
Bazaale was in for the question and answer session.
Steven completes all practical tasks with ease. He is a promising Networking professional.
Chrispus has successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building an App ( web or mobile ) from scratch.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 5 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
Good progress Zaharah. Keep up the spirit.
Lilian has successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building an app (web or mobile) from scratch.
Acram was so interactive in this session, I believe we answered most of the questions that he had in mind.
She has demonstrated a good communication with her supervisors, Though does not ask questions. It needed me the supervisor to follow up on her and this delayed her tasks to be completed in time
Phiona's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
She has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
She has demonstrated a good communication with her supervisors, Though does not ask questions. It needed me the supervisor to follow up on her and this delayed her tasks to be completed in time
Phiona's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
She has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
She has demonstrated a good communication with her supervisors, Though does not ask questions. It needed me the supervisor to follow up on her and this delayed her tasks to be completed in time
Phiona's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
She has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
Thank you Shivan for the persistence and commitment. Keep it up.
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
Please share the notebook on Google Colab and I see what the real challenge is.
Internet was too poor this week
Was able to finish Graphics work as they advanced in Networking too.
Hopefully Geofrey got answers to all his questions in this session.
This was done
Intern Is progressing well
His laptop was the challenge since softwares to be used were increasing and his computer couldn't handle them fully.
It was quite an interesting week with a lot of work to be done but we pulled it off and Mr Abudi was of much great and appreciated help. 
He researched and listed all tools that we can use to spot for our social media platforms especially the website, theablestate.com.
Rebecca successfully coded the mobile delivery app and built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. She's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building internship registration app from scratch.
Jacintah is working on the end of internship challenge. I encourage her to contact the Lead Developer incase of any challenge and to make use of internet to read more about different programming languages.
Musumba's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 5 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
I'm sorry Racheal about the personal challenges that have affected your output. I commend you for not giving up on the team and the assignment amidst all these challenges. I hope the situation gets better.
She improvises where its needed to help another colleague and its helpful to work with her.
she is very active in consulting and always looking for away forward depending on the problem we are solving.
she is a team player, interactive  and  professional in whatever she does.
Lubega Nabunje exhibit good relationship with partners and deliver project well.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Richard has acquired the basic knowledge of writing USSD applications.
Satisfactory progress
The Unet model was updated with 2 more variations with minor changes in the architecture to improve the model IOU accuracy. I am also very impressed with the organization of the code on GitHub which is very clear and modular and easy to learn.
Arrangements for data facilitation are being made. Please contact Ms. Dorothy.
Looking forward to seeing results from the Figma task.
Mulema has acquired some basic knowledge of doing Mobile money payments and Card. He can now integrate this in a web application.
All tasks were completed very well and on time
Requirements gathering and documentation was done well. He understood the requirements well and proceeds to database design. As well usage of version control tools
Good progress made by Micheal:
- Micheal accomplished his tasks to expectations as awarded in the week's sprint. 
- proving to be a good resource with design work  -  coming in handy to make changes to already designed work. There is room for him to develop further his design abilities --maybe through undertaking some short courses in graphic design to improve his appreciation of visual appeal in addition to functionality.
Thanks Ryan for the commitment to the project and diligence to see it through. Keep it up.
Pius has created views which will enable the access and advanced preprocessing of the base data before it is transmitted to through the end points. The basic views enable access of all the data which is a good start. I hope to see the advanced implementation when we have a review with othe4r members of the team that are handling the data analysis.
Matia has got knowledge about SSH and remote server configuration for web system deployment. He has also acquired adequate knowledge about PHP and its principles.
Thank you Sharifa for retracing your steps even after faltering. It is this positive attitude that will take you places. Please keep it up.
Asingwire has been an interactive person in this session, she would take a step to explain to others where they go wrong.
The User Interface is a basic one but good for the start, and hope you can build onto that to do something better next time. But I'm pleased with the work done so far on the project. please keep going.
Bwimi has obtained knowledge in making payment integrations, Using PHP, MySQL, HTML, and JS, she can write a simple payment integration for Mobile money and Card with support from Flutterwave.
The recommended changes have been made and the report has been completed for the project. I am satisfied with the documentation of the EDA, experimentation and results as reflected in the report. The GitHub repository has also been updated to reflect the recommended changes in the experiment
Kenneth started to work on his final report for the internship, he probably missed our class on payment integration.
He was Working on his final project report
Semata was present in the last class where we interacted and solved the questions that everyone had
Progressive week since he met the week's deliverable targets.
A fast learner and a good time manager
Guloba has acquired good knowledge on about PHP and git
Guloba has acquired knowledge about SQL, he can write simple commands like SELECT, and INSERT INTO. he can also write simple scripts with PHP and MySQLi
Using PHP and MySQLi, Guloba can write simple USSD applications
Guloba has started obtaining simple knowledge about payment integration
Kirya has acquired knowledge on making payment integrations with Mobile money and Card. He can now use this knowledge to write a cashless applications in the real world. Keep practicing, Kirya.
Thanks Jedidiah for the commitment. The communication problems in your team have greatly affected your output. They really need to be worked on.
Thank you Trevor for the diligence exhibited thus far. Keep it up.
Keep learning
Thank you Walter for the commitment to the project and diligence to see it through up to this point. Keep it up.
Despite a few challenges, Rebecca managed to start internship at Stratcom and she is doing well. Because of distance, I encourage her to start her journey abit early so that she can be at Stratcom in time for training.
Rebecca successfully completed this week's main task of configuring VLANs on layer 2 devices and DHCP on layer 3 devices.
At first she had abit trouble with basic device configuration. But She has perfected all commands needed to operate the cisco IOS.
After completing this week's main tasks, Rebecca can now fix a PC. She can also set up a wireless network and accommodate wireless users on a wired network.
Your challenges are noted, but as team leader, you were involved in the documentation of the user stories and the drafting of the solutions design document. It is at that stage that we ought to have addressed any ambiguity. I have not altered your requirements. I have let you run the project and am always ready to clarify any bit of the requirements that is not clear. I encourage you to work more closely with your colleague to get this product delivered.
all task were completed on time
You are able to pick up new tools easily and your general productivity is good. I would love to see you being better at explaining your work by teaching someone else. Overall it was a good week.
This task was executed well with minimal help which shows me that he is learning and getting comfortable with handling servers.
The ability to document everything that you set up on a server is very important because in case the person that set it up is not able to work on something then any other member of the group can handle whatever needs to be done.  We have very good progress with this and some good documentation has been made.
Solomon needs to invest some more time in working with computer hardware but otherwise he has a clear grasp of the basics of hardware maintenance.
He advanced in the tasks at hand, with excellent team work.
Pamella managed to start internship at Stratcom and she is doing well.
Noeline started her internship at Stratcom, and she is doing well.
Elysmus has completed this week's tasks without any challenge. He is doing well.
Despite a few challenges, Aida managed to complete this week's main tasks. I still encourage her to upgrade her machine for better performance.
Hellen started her internship at Stratcom and she is doing well. She also completed this week's main tasks without any challenge.
Louisa is almost done with the end of internship challenge.
Patricia managed to start internship and she is doing well.
Tasks Completed Successfully
The student has been enable to successfully master how to configure DHCP SERVER and configure LAN
Nansamba Nuluyati has good etiquette and good manners.
Kayiwa checked the design document before submission for discussion. The output reflects the overall team level of understanding of the assignment, so my contribution was appreciated. Though he experienced connectivity setbacks my assessment is that the team underestimated the work involved at this stage of a system build from scratch. I expect the them to catch up as the business requirements get clearer with progress.
Benadette, I'm impressed by your diligence. Please keep it up.
The program was operating well
Umar's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Joan's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
Joan did not require constant supervision
She has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
Technical challenges were a hindrance to him this week.
Focus was on networking this week.
Presented as much of the design document as had been prepared. Appreciated the contribution towards the logical views and omission in the processes. Only 60% of the week's assignment was completed. This was due to underestimation of the work involved in the beginning of a development /system building project. I expect the team to catch up as the business requirements get clearer as we progress.
Resty should get used to errors because they are part of coding. She also has to present a solution for the coding challenge before we sign her off.
Collins met expectations for the week.
I was impressed by the deployment plan; very detailed with summarised tables. But deploying is another thing so I look forward to how you will fare.
Sam has perfected all commands needed to configure a cisco router and switch.
Despite power issues, Stom is almost done with the challenge. Before we sign him off, he has to present the end of internship challenge (a Jobconnect App) that will link job seekers to recruiters.
This was done
Great sprint demo, good job leading the sprint and taking team advise.
I'm sorry to learn about the electricity outages Viola. I encourage you to persist and accomplish the tasks at hand.
Rhoda managed to start her internship at Stratcom and so far she is doing well. She switched from coding to networking practical sessions.
Before we sign her off, Mary is supposed to present end of internship coding challenge. She is doing well so far.
Margret managed to start her internship at Stratcom and she is doing well.
Awaiting the plan for the website
Sarah successfully completed this week's tasks. She's a promising networking professional.
Ronald can now set up  a LAN with a number of PCs. He can also share resources (printers, internet connection, documents ..... etc ) on a network with ease.
self driven and can work independently
Before we sign him off, Alex should present a solution for the end of internship challenge.
Progress has been made with analyzing the geodata to generate more attributes that will be used  to impute missing values on one of the datasets.
Sharon has also worked using GPS coordinates on another dataset to compute the distance between data points.
Before we sign him off, Davis should present a solution for the end of internship challenge.
Solomon has started internship and he is doing well. I encourage him to contact the Lead Trainer in case of any challenge
Despite transport challenge, Gilbert managed to start internship at Stratcom and he is doing well.
Aaron managed to start internship at Stratcom and he's doing well. He also completed this week's main tasks. That is, cable termination,  dismantling and assembling PCs, and performing basic configurations on layer 2 & 3 devices.
Resty doesn't need internet to do practical sessions in Networking. That aside, she has completed this week's tasks.
Sandra should learn to first do requirements analysis before developing any app.
He successfully completed this week's tasks, that is, configuring access control lists on layer 3 devices to filter network traffic. He has also perfected all commands needed to operate the cisco IOS.
Luise started her internship at Stratcom and she has completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
Heather started her internship at Stratcom and she's doing well. She also managed to complete this week's tasks without any challenge.
Before we sign him off, Joshua should present a solution for the coding challenge.
Before we sign him off, Collins is supposed to present a solution for the internship coding challenge.
Before we sign her off, Mariam should present a solution for the end of internship challenge.
Before we sign him off, Raymond has to present the end of internship challenge (Coding a JobConnect App from scratch). I also encourage him to get used to debugging errors since debugging is inseparable with coding.
Despite  a few challenges, Sarah has started internship at Stratcom. She can now terminate and test network cables in addition to performing basic configurations on intermediary devices (routers and switches).
I encourage Martha to get used to errors because they are part of coding.
Active participation in the workshop. Good job again with these fixes.
Before we sign him off, Edwin should present a solution for the coding challenge. He should also upgrade his machine for better performance.
Before we sign her off, Yvette should present a solution for the internship coding challenge.
the student's knowledge about the SATA was interesting 
the student has an ability of doing research before tackling the activities which is very good
Sharifah Nakagwe performed well on the task assigned.
Joram managed to start internship at Stratcom and he's doing well.
Before we sign her off, Pamella should present a solution for the coding challenge.
He can now set up a LAN with a  number of PCs and also share resources like printers and internet connection on a network.
Caroli can now install any operating system and application software.
A machine that freezes can frustrate any developer. So I encourage Emilly to upgrade her laptop.
Before we sign her off, Norah should present a solution for end of internship challenge.
Before we sign him off, Dauglas should present a solution for the end of internship coding challenge.
Before we sign him off, Marvin has to code and present end of internship coding challenge (building a multi page dynamic website for his former school) from scratch.
Apollo managed to start internship at Stratcom and he's doing well.
Fatihi managed to start internship at Stratcom and he is doing well.
Despite his fixed schedule at work, he still finds time to come to Stratcom for internship.
Despite a few challenges, Jonas managed to start internship at Stratcom. He's attending both coding and networking practical sessions. For internet challenge, I encourage him to make use of the recordings.
She's going to embark on Linux Systems Administration to back up her newly acquired skills in Networking.
Before we sign him off, Warid should present a solution for the end of internship challenge.
She has acquired the necessary hands-on skills to fix or troubleshoot common problems with printers, scanners and photocopying machines. She can also operate these devices with ease.
We have not had the group meeting so work on improving the views is on hold.
Before we sign him off, Daniel is supposed to code and present end of internship coding challenge. That is, coding a JobConnect App from scratch. This App will link job seekers to recruiters.
He demonstrate excellent skills in User centred Design through his mock ups. We adopted his mock ups to improve the User experience in our android app for content management
Junior managed to code the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building an App from scratch.
Benon's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Jovan has started internship and he's doing well. He's passionate about Networking and we are going to equip him with hands-on skills in Networking and Systems Administration.
Before we sign him off, Emmanuel should present a solution for the internship coding  challenge.
Nuhu is almost done with the end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a job connect App from scratch.
Despite a few challenges especially with transport, Sheenah managed to start her internship at Stratcom and completed this week's tasks (cabling and basic device configuration) with ease.
Despite the distance, Gordan managed to start internship at Stratcom and he's doing well. His primary area of interest is Networking.
The work this week has focused on progressing the GPS data analysis to use the geo-coded data to calculate distances between data points and cluster them by area to get a measure of the effort input to capture the data.
Collins has successfully completed this week's tasks and he's doing well.
Despite a few challenges, Hope managed to start her internship at Stratcom.
Work has been done to develop dashboard mockups for visualizing the data that will be exposed from the endpoints. This   task is also dependent on other team members finalizing the data analysis.
Samson successfully set up the database enviroment for the mobile delivery App.
Moses successfully coded and presented the end of internship challenge (coding a multi page dynamic website for his former school). He is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Clouding Computing is one of the fastest-growing technologies in the field of computing. Many faculties of technologies are awakened to the benefits of cloud computing. At Anoixi Link we believe in the dynamic transformation of our employers, therefore this week we recommended Mr. Joshua to attend a 5 -day workshop in cloud computing technologies. This has helped the trainee to explore the trending benefits and technologies of cloud computing.
Mockup updates have been pushed to the repository and will be evaluated when the implementation begins
Isaac has started internship. I encourage him to plan his movements a bit early so that he is at Stratcom in time for training sessions.
Before we sign him off, Jackson should present a solution for the end of internship challenge.
I encourage Mwesigwa to make use of internet for simple research or to better understand some concepts. . He can also contact the Lead Developer for guidance .
Ian has started coding the end of internship challenge. Before we sign him off, he has to present this app.
The website was published and the client was invited to start using it. It is a content management system and eCommerce website. We asked the client to note down any bugs so that we can fix them.

Timothy has progressed well in his internship and I was able to notice the following abilities in him.
1. He has personal initiative.
2. He grasps complex concepts and has the ability to simplify them into codeble solutions.
3. He has leadership abilities. 
4. He somewhat rigid and he needs to improve.

I believe that he has a bright future and given correct mentor-ship, he will be great engineer
Andrew's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
He's almost done with the coding challenge.
she is  good  at time management and  very consistent.
Congratulations on finishing your internship with us. I wish you all the best as you strive towards actualising your professional career goals.
He's almost done with the internship challenge. Before we sign him off, Abdullah has to present the end of internship challenge, a web app that will enable students to apply for internship at Stratcom.
Task completed on time.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Great work. I would love to know the attributes of the dataset used in the next week's tasks, include these details in your weekly report. If publicly available, include a link to the dataset.
I encourage Patricia to make use of internet to research more about any software / tools that are abit complicated.
. Joshua has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to perfect linux since it's a very good operating system in terms of security
Good progress Alex. Keep up the spirit
Very Good performance from the Intern
Awaiting the plan
Thank you Racheal for leading the team throughout the internship period.
Despite the distance challenge, Hilda is doing well. She has acquired the practical skills to set up a print server, share printers on the LAN and also install printer control language drivers on end devices.
Gloria is working on the end of internship challenge, that is coding Stratcom Internship Registration App from scratch.  Before we sign her off, she must present this project.
Nicely done with the Figma designs.
Active participation in the workshop and social media outreach.
Andrew successfully completed this week's tasks. I still encourage him to plan his movements abit early to save on transport costs.
Mariam, I commend you for the tremendous improvement recorded lately. You can improve your reporting by indicating more details about the project you were handling such as the url of the website or the client name.
Shivan, I congratulate you on successfully completing the internship. Keep up the positive attitude, punctuality and diligence because they will definitely make you a better professional.
This was completed
This was done
Thank you Zaharah for being a committed team player throughout the internship period. I wish you all the best in your future endeavours.
Thank you Andrew for the efforts. Please check the latest feedback on email regarding this task and attend to it.
Chrispus is almost done with the internship challenge. He also tries his best to fix coding errors.
Quick learner
Neat works
Committed to the training Process, Punctual
NOC Being A core section in operations, He is carrying on with intrest. An intresting aspect of him
Encouraging commitment to the weeks tasks
Holistic approach to training, significantly taking shape
Good understanding of tasks through the week
Gathered good knowledge on the tasks of the week
Confident when give assignment during the week.
Muyimba successfully completed this week's tasks  that is, setting up a wireless LAN and operating office equipment.
Mboizi Eric's performance is commendable and we are happy with his progress.
Progressive
Financially challenged that led to failure in attendance ,but got access to the material later..
Practice creating websites for different industries. Learn how to create content for websites.
Get a live hosting package to try out your websites online.
Excellent work.
Steven has successfully completed this week's tasks. He can now set up a LAN and also share resources like printers and internet connection without any problem.
Master the SQL by practicing data entry and manupilation using command line.
Excellent work
More practice needed on databases. 
Excellent work
Despite a few challenges with power and network, Rebecca managed to complete some tasks like designing the login page, home page and sign up component for the end of internship challenge ( Internship Registration System ). She is also supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Before we sign her off, Jacintah is supposed to code and present end of internship challenge ( a web App that enables students to apply for internship at Stratcom) from scratch.
Musumba's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Shadrack has started internship and he's doing well. He's passionate about Networking.
She finished her course and assignment given to test her understanding
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
she is very active while interacting with others, informative and delivers  what is required of her
Sharifa is a very interactive person and always willing to work an extra mile.
Lillian should get her machine fixed so that she continues with the development process.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 6 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
This was all completed
This was completed
Alvin has completed the first milestone of his internship i.e. optimizing the Unet model to address deficiencies in the current deployed model. A lot of work has also been done with post -detection analysis like contour detection to measure other properties of the segmentations.
There is always a need to move an installation from one server to another and this is a skill I want him to be able to have.
This was completed
Mr. Mutamba submitted and presented the comparison report for the social media platforms to the Online Presence Manager.
Networking was at center stage and it was a progressive area for Apollo.
She's working on the end of internship challenge. That is, building a multi page responsive website for her former school.
Thank you Nabil for staying focused on the task. I hope you can now appreciate my insistence on you writing the code yourself.
Nabil, I commend you for the punctuality and diligence exhibited throughout the internship period. If you maintain this going forward, you are going to make a wonderful professional.
Progressive in the week's tasks.
Progressive
he has done every assignment he is allocated and he delivered beyond expectations
Progressive
I'm sorry to learn about your challenges Trey. I hope you can overcome them and proceed with the internship.
Usage of CRUD (create, read, update and delete) demonstrated. Fast learner, takes instruction well
Thanks Jedidiah for keeping focused. Keep engaging with your teammate and improve communication.
Gradual improvement in design.
Progressive
Challenged by the computer but since other work was in group setting they delivered as expected.
Her team brain stormed more on improvement of the system at hand.
Progressive
Committed to executing tasks at hand i.e. he was able to finish the networking assignment.
She acquired more knowledge in Hardware maintenance and repair
Satisfactory performance
Progressive  in tasks at hand with colleagues ,although had Laptop challenge .
Thanks Trevor for the diligence exhibited throughout this internship period. If you carry this forward, you are definitely going to have a great career ahead. The issue of links was because of cache,, but the site has been migrated to a server without caching problems
I encourage Ssemuga to perfect Linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
Ssemuga  has acquired hands-on skills needed to fix or troubleshoot common problems with printers, photocopying machines and scanners. He can also operate these devices.
I understand you had challenges on some tasks during the testing. But I'm glad you finally got your focus. The database planning and structure implementation is truly exceptional and well planned, great use of your Data And Information management knowledge.
On your next project, try to find more alternatives for a local portable database.
Excellent progress and execution of tasks. Fast learner, active and creative.
Tonny had a challenge impressing the client with the original User Interface design he had come up with, but with my guidance and comments from the client, he was able to successfully come up with something really impressive and i liked his effort and creativity until the project was presented to the client for testing.
Good work on Wamp server installation and configuring it to work with the latest cms of wordpress is appealing. Nice work
Challenged by his computer specifications in correspondence to the work at hand.
Challenged by the laptop
This is the first week of the internship and the student was able to pick out topics she believes will be beneficial in her experience.
Well done Kengo. An area of improvement is to find a way to display and explain the code and development work you have done. Otherwise, keep up the good work.
Good job with the new API. Looking forward to the ultimate outcome. Keep it up.
Hillary, where exactly have you got funding challenges? What requirements did you change?
Sharifa, I commend your efforts to catch up in the development field. Keep up the spirit and continually aim to maintain a positive attitude to solving problems. I congratulate you on finishing the internship.
all task were completed on time
Managed to complete development of the initial website as requested
You have done a good job this week. Your skills have improved greatly throughout the internship. You have become better at problem-solving, feature implementation, and working with your team. Do not stop improving even as you finish your internship. Remember to always be building.
Micheal was able to solely figure out how to integrate calendly into our platform. This portrays his ability to research and up-skill himself. 

His execution speed for both design work and front end implementation has improved  as he has gotten acquainted with the functionalities of the platform. 

Micheal has great potential.
she is open to learn new things out of her comfort zone and that's what interests me about her.
very good at writing documents.
Tasks completed well. 
Willingness to learn is a good sign.
Good job Benadette, please interact more with your colleagues such that you can learn from one another.
Yvette is done with the end of internship challenge.
I encourage Emmilly to upgrade her machine for better performance.
He's done with the internship challenge.
Nansamba Nuluyati is hardworking, dresses appropriately and appears respectable.
I really appreciate the great effort you put in to make things work right and the commitment to deliver on  time. Katumba you made research ahead of what i expected. WordPress is popular however somehow tricky for beginners but you made it like a pro. Keep up the good work. Continue with Practice.
Server access and required files will be provided for the pending tasks
Nicely done with the modal redesign.
I congratulate you Mariam for successfully completing the internship. I am confident that you have gained a lot and you can now move on to kickstart your career from a better position.
After deploying the website and a few bugs where noticed by the client, who contacted us to have them resolved. We discussed the details and come up with specifics inform of solutions. I allowed Timothy to lead the discussion and only provided support. The bugs where resolved and the website is currently live and being used.
She successfully set up the database environment for the messaging App.
I encourage him to upgrade his machine for better performance.
Collins completed his tasks as expected.
Internet was a challenge,but skills wise he was able to understand the week's Tasks in progress.
Keep learning
Resty is almost done with the end of internship challenge.
She successfully completed this week's main tasks of Configuring routing protocols on later 3 devices and fixing PCs.
He completed this week's main tasks of Configuring interior gateway protocols on layer 3 devices and fixing common PC problems.
she is a well behaved discipline student with a remarkable traits of a successful learner and very cooperative with our staff members  more so she is a person of team work making her to adapt faster to a real cybersecurity environment.
She successfully completed this week's main tasks of configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices and fixing PCs
Musumba's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Because of the distance, I encourage Aaron to plan his movements abit early so that he can be at Stratcom in time for practical sessions.
She successfully completed this week's main tasks of Configuring interior gateway protocols on layer 3 devices and fixing common PC problems.
Rhoda successfully completed this week's main tasks of configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices and PC repair. She also learnt how to configure static IP parameters to a desktop.
Progressive
I encourage Hellen to contact the Lead Trainer incase of difficult networking concepts.
He successfully setup a Small office home network (SOHO) by terminating cables, installing operating system and application software on PCs, assigning static addresses to PCs, interconnecting devices and installing/ configuring a network printer
Stom has  successfully coded and presented the end of internship challenge ( a JobConnect App ). He is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Solomon has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to plan his movements  a bit early so that he can be at Stratcom in time for training.
Sarah is done with internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the skills she has acquired.
Alex is done with the end of internship challenge.
She successfully completed this week's main tasks of configuring interior gateway protocols on layer 3 devices and fixing common PC problems. She also understands new concepts (networking commands ) with ease.
Syden has started internship at Stratcom and he is doing well.
She successfully completed this week's main tasks of configuring interior gateway protocols on layer 3 devices and fixing common PC problems.
Emmanuel is almost done with the end of internship challenge. He can also debug errors with ease.
Despite the distance, he has managed to finish internship. He's supposed to write end of internship report and explain in detail all the skills he has acquired.
He has perfected all cisco IOS commands and has acquired skills needed to fix common PC problems and troubleshoot network connectivity issues.
Intern takes initiative to engage in extra task to support internship work. We are impressed.
I encourage Collins to utilize the time at Stratcom to perfect all the hands-on practicals. He is also free to contact the Lead Trainer  in case of any challenge.
Andrew's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
She's almost done with the challenge
I am satisfied with the updates that have been made to the views following the review meeting, especially filtering out unused columns as this reduces the amount of data that is sent to the end application.
Martha is almost done with the end of internship challenge. That is, building Stratcom Internship Registration App.
Mariam is almost done with the end of internship challenge.  She also debugs errors with ease
Samson  successfully coded the mobile delivery app. He also built the apk for the app to run on a real mobile device. He's now going to embark on end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a web or mobile App that solves a real world problem.
Progress has been done with computing the distance between data points in the dataset. 
Sharon also consulted me about providing some extra information to enable the imputation of the data in another dataset which i promised to share in the next week.
Joshua is almost done with the end of internship challenge. That is, coding a job Connect App from scratch.
She has demonstrated a good communication with her supervisors, She has been so inquisitive and patient with her supervisors. 
Joan's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
Joan did not require constant supervision
She has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
Before we sign him off, Junior is supposed to present end of internship coding challenge. He's also supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Mwesigwa is almost done with the End of internship challenge. I encourage him to contact the Lead Developer for guidance.
Sheenah has to get used to sunshine because this is Africa.That aside, she configured interior gateway protocols on layer 3 devices and learnt how to fix common PC problems.
It's good to see that you are picking up on React JS. Looking forward to next week's presentation.
Despite a few challenges, he managed to complete this week's tasks, that is configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices and assembling PCs
Work with the team so that you learn faster. Share any challenges on the group slack channel. I will be looking forward to receiving the bible dataset for training the ASR system.
Since Gordan's primary area of interest is Networking, I advise him to concentrate on hands-on tasks in Networking and ignore coding tasks.
Looking forward to seeing the customization. Keep in touch with the other colleagues on this task for better collaboration.
Apart from transport issues, Shadrack has successfully completed this week's tasks. He can now operate layer 2 & 3 networking devices with ease.
Website seen. Covered the areas envisaged.
Jonathan needs to get more serious! The task he claims to have done is not done and I cannot see any effort to have it completed or done right despite the request to correct it. He gives very limited attention to the work and yet seemed to have no skills from the beginning. I recommend that the students improves and reports the actual work that is completed
I encourage Edwin to upgrade his machine for better performance.
I encourage Hope to plan her journey abit early so that she can spend less on transport.
He's almost done with the challenge.
Website reviewed, and comments shared with the team. Overall - great work.
Raymond is almost done with the end of internship coding challenge. I still encourage him to get used to debugging.
Joram managed to complete this week's tasks without any challenge. He has also perfected all the commands needed to operate the cisco IOS
Dauglas is done with the end of internship challenge.
He's almost done with the coding challenge. After presenting the solution, he will have to write end of internship report and describe in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Jacob has acquired practical skills needed to set up and secure a wireless network. Besides configuring an access point from any vendor, he can also set up a security surveillance system.
Resty has successfully finished internship at Stratcom. She is now supposed to write end of internship report and explain in detail all the skills she has acquired.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to utilize the time at Stratcom to acquire hands-on skills and practical competence.
I encourage him to plan his movements abit early and save on transport costs.
Jovan has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
The student was introduced to system design, prototyping and database modelling. He actively participated in the session and mastered bootstrap front end framework.He also mastered the database modelling including database tables and their indexing and relationships
Before we sign him off, Rogers is supposed to code and present end of internship coding challenge (building a COVID Tracker App from scratch). I also encourage him to get used to debugging errors since it's (debugging) part of coding
Collins is almost done with the end of internship challenge.
He has good communications skills, is hardworking and is self-driven . Keep it up
Before we sign him off, Ismail is supposed to code and present end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a web App that will enable students to register for internship at Stratcom from scratch.
I encourage Leticia to get used to Linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
This task was completed on time and the data was uploaded into our farmer profiling system.
Charlotte successfully completed this week's tasks.    In the next few days, she will be a Linux guru
Tumuhairwe is a very hard working and self-driven individual. She works very well with her teams and always communicates well with her supervisor. She has been able to learn so much in such a short time
He managed to code the challenge though the pages are not responsive. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Jonas managed to complete this week's main tasks without any challenge. He is doing well.
She successfully completed this week's main tasks of Configuring interior gateway protocols on layer 3 devices and fixing common PC problems.
I encourage Timothy to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
Intern has good relationship with our partners.
Davis is done with the end of internship challenge.
She completed her assignments and was able to help her friends catch up
She has good teamwork skills
Thanks Andrew. I received your code for the plugin. I'm going to make time to go through it and advise on the next steps before we can get it into the WooCommerce marketplace.
Pamella is almost done with the end of internship challenge. I encourage her to contact the Lead Developer incase of coding challenges.
More progress with the data geo-coding. I have also advised Diana to work on a subset of the data to reduce on the compute resources.
Thanks Alex for the diligence. We shall have further discussion on Search Engine Optimization to help you grasp it better.
Keep your head hight amidst the electricity challenges and we cross the line.
Ronald has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Has a good attendance record.
Error rate is acceptable, and all work is completed timely.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Has a good attendance record.
Error rate is acceptable, and all work is completed timely.
She's almost done with the End of internship coding challenge.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Has a good attendance record.
Error rate is acceptable, and all work is completed timely.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Has a good attendance record.
Error rate is acceptable, and all work is completed timely.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Has a good attendance record.
Error rate is acceptable, and all work is completed timely.
Progressive
Despite a few challenges, Patricia has managed to complete this week's main tasks. She is also a promising linux guru
Harnest has successfully finished internship.  He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Hilda finished this week's tasks without any challenge.
Challenged again by the computer, although progressed in other activities, since other work didnt require using her Computer.
Joshua is a promising linux guru. To appreciate the power of linux, he should switch from windows to linux.
She was new to WordPress  among other skills this week.
Progressive
I encourage Caroli to add RAM chips to PCs so that windows can successfully be installed.
He successfully completed this week's main tasks, that is ( setting up a SOHO network, installing operating system and application software ) without any challenge.
Benon's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members she was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Progressive
Great start.
Good work Jude. Great contributions in our team meetings.
Keep up the good work.
Please visualize and present the work you are working on. Great teamwork with team members.
Looking forward to looking at the schema for multi-attributed products. Thank you.
Well done with the client list compilation. Thank you.
Great work Jude. An area of improvement is to visualize and showcase your progress. Looking forward to your final presentation next week.
Progressive
Mboizi Eric's performance is commendable and we are happy with his progress.
Andrew should get used to long training sessions which are entirely hands-on.
I encourage Rebecca to multi task. That is, acquire practical skills and at the same time read for end of semester exams.
Apart from terrible weather, Andrew managed to come to Stratcom for internship. He also completed this week's tasks ( linux systems Administration) with ease
Another week of low performance due to the online nature of the work hampered by poor connectivity. The project plan was revised to accommodate the delays and this calls for multi-tasking in order to catch up. Even though the working environment is challenging I am yet to identify what strength and weaknesses Raziah brings to the team performance.
Good take on social media involvement, the social media team is producing commendable content especially with the ongoing challenge.
The first week was good, he integrated easily into the team and understood the tasks to do
The student did the tasks on time and exhibited a great amount of interest ad passion in how work
Progressive
The other items are okay but please have the sessions completed
Before we sign her off, she has to present the end of internship coding challenge.
This was fully completed
Chrispus managed to code the end of internship challenge (a web App that enables students to register for internship at Stratcom) without any challenge and he successfully presented the solution.
20% delivery on the core task due to poor team performance. The others were disadvantaged by poor connectivity which is majorly outside their control. The project plan was revised to accommodate the delays and this calls for multi-tasking in order to catch up. Poor team cohesion was one of the identified risks and Kayiwa was reminded that we planned to address this by having more team engagements/meetings to overcome the breakdown. I expect to see more of this going forward.
Before we sign her off, Lillian has to code end of internship challenge from scratch. She is coding an online registration app, an app that enables students to register for internship at Stratcom.
Mr. Mutamba Abudi made comparison analytics and performance report on the different social media platforms of the company particularly Facebook and Twitter.
I will provide a video describing how the Frontend should be. Focus on the backend for now. Great work. Keep working.
Great work. I will be sharing JSON files from the STT model output for your next tasks.
High analytical skills
Good problem solving skills
I'm sorry about the server issues and how they affected your work. This has since been rectified and you can proceed with your project. Do not hesitate to let me know of any other challenges you may encounter.
Always have the enterprise versions of software installed.
Read more about hosting.
Excellent work.
This is our second week down this internship and I was able to help the student get comfortable with the use of open VPN.
Did you post any messages to the server as per instructions in "feedback2.txt" sent to you in our whatsapp chat? I don't see any posted messages on the server. What response did you receive from the server after posting? I have also noticed that your selenium-whatsapp-script.py is not portable and therefore I cannot run it on another machine without the code breaking down. As tasks for this week, take the following steps to make it portable: (1) create a project folder into which to keep all project resources including the script. (2) Make sure both the python virtual environment into which the script runs and the chrome executable for selenium reside in the project directory. You may need to use portable chrome. (3) Make sure any links in the script are relative. (4) Test to be sure the script can run on a different machine. (5) Share the project folder with me, probably on GitHub.
An approach to improve the blurred images was implemented and this improves the pixel classification for such scenarios. I look forward to the solution to the heavy size of images after enhancement which causes a processing downside.
I was so impressed with how the team has been working together to understand the working of the UNET segmentation model. There has been a lot of discussion around how the implementation can be improved.
More experiments have been conducted by Joseph and the team this week. There have been a few modifications in the final layers of the model and this seems to have a better performance for the minority class.
More experiments have been conducted this week and a candidate model for comparison to the currently deployed model to quantify improvements
She delivers what is required of her and very good at brain storming during document writing.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
#NAME?
Mboizi Eric's relationship with partners and willingness to work is commendable and we are happy with his progress.
Mboizi Eric's contribution is great and we are happy with his progress.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 7 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
Issues well fixed. Looking forward to next week's results.
Great experiments with the pyaudioanalysis. Thanks for the presentation
Looking forward to papers and literature. Continue reading.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Intern is industrious and progressing well with our partners
Sandra successfully coded and presented the end of internship challenge ( a web app that enables students to register for internship at Stratcom). She is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Progressive
Fulfilled all her tasks of the task
work well done
she managed to design 3 of the forms that were going to be used in a project
Needs improvement in creating some indicators using queries but will improve with more practice
This week was used more to concluding what we had given the student in networking and also writting the report.
Gerald is a self-driven individual. He learnt the new PHP framework in such a short time and has been able to propose improvement strategies. More, importantly, he loves what he does. Keep it up
Multitasking of activities, yet they were all executed.
Was able to handle Graphics as key item this week.
James needs to put extra time in the work since I have observed slow progress and limited communication. The report also provides information, which has not been validated by the supervisor to be completed or working. I recommend improvement if the he plans to attain the necessary skills
Progressive in web development for static websites
Progressive
Progressed in networking
Upon commendable progress and success with Flutter Framework, we have embarked onto training with a new app development framework that is React in order widen the student's knowledge in the app development field.
I'm glad with the progress so far and hope you keep it going with that fast learning pace.
Emmanuel is a self-driven person, who despite the challenges is able to delver and seek clarity on what is not clear. He has learnt a lot within a limited amount of time. These include transcribing interviews and data analysis using R. Keep it up
The hybrid model implemented by Joseph has attained one of the higher IOU scores. Although this is for both classes and the individual IOU score is  still low for necrosis class.
I congratulate you Viola on successfully completing the internship. Keep up the spirit and put the lessons learnt and skills acquired into practice for a better career ahead.
Progressive
#NAME?
Rosemary is a cooperative student who is eager to learn and is interested in learning new things. This was evident in her first week of learning.
she had technical challenges but acquired the skills.
Progressive in tasks that called for offline excution.
#NAME?
most task were completed on time, left with completing update on website
she works well in groups, planning and carrying activities.
she is very at documentation because all the documents are outstanding and super cool
she is so committed and determined in accomplishing her tasks.
Impressive take on setting up k8s on the new node. Managed to deploy an app, k8s installation was successful.
Phiona managed to code the end of internship challenge (a multi page dynamic website for her former school) without any challenges. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
FOCUS WAS ON ERD ,HE SISNT HAVE VAST KNOWLEDGE ON ERD DESIGN BUT WAS ABLE TO UNDERSTAND ERD FORMULATION.
Progressive
Orientation was a success, but she had a challenge with her laptop.
Progressive
Progressive
Was able to learn new skillset.
Moses managed to code and present the end of internship challenge (coding a multi page dynamic website for his former school). He is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Challenged by the Laptop, but attended all sessions.
Progressive
Progressive
Before we sign her off, Aida is supposed to code and present end of internship coding challenge. That is, building a web or mobile App from scratch.
He is almost done with the coding challenge. I encourage him to focus on one thing and a time. By doing so, he will be able to accomplish so much.
Mariam successfully coded and presented the end of internship challenge (coding a multi page dynamic website for her former school). She is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
She successfully completed this week's main tasks like file compression, creating users and permissions, scripting.. etc. Since Linux is better than windows in many ways, I encourage Charlotte to switch from windows to Linux
Diana has accomplished another milestone for the analysis of GPS data. Using the new attributes extracted from the GPS coordinates, new experiments will be conducted to assess the quality and anomaly detection with the data
done
Progressive
Progressive -Since it was his first week and was inquisitive and anxious about the whole program, but attended all sessions and was executing tasks as offered.
Technically challenged by her computer
Challenged by his laptop but he endeavored to catch up since some work was done as a team.
she is an active student and coping up faster  with hands on skills within the institution  IT Infrastructures. we  pray she continue  with same  spirit  until the end.
Progressive
In this week a lot was being handled since we had three thematic areas but he was efficient in all sessions.
The task for this week was to cluster the data based on dates and users. We have discussed a possible approach to assessing the effort made per user to collect the data while taking into account other attributes of the data.
Collins completed his tasks as expected.
Well-done with the customization task, good teamwork.
Thumbs up on leading the sprint.
I congratulate you Benadette for successfully completing internship. Please take the lessons learnt and skills acquired seriously for a better career ahead. I'm confident that you will make a good professional.
Jacob has successfully finished internship at Stratcom. He is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the skills he has acquired.
Progressive, since it was the first week and she was able to attend all days ,as well as executing the tasks at hand.
Focus was  on the graphics work as an aide to User interface design, leading to the next phase of tasks for the next week(introducing the student to systems design and development).
Progressive -since she was able to understand and accomplish the tasks although had little knowledge on executing the logical database design.
She had abit of trouble configuring intervlan routing using router on stick method but later on, she managed to perfect the IOS commands.
Shadrack is entitled to a cup of tea at Stratcom restaurant.
Elsysmus has successfully completed this week's tasks. In addition to networking, he can now upgrade any PC and install operating system & application software with ease.
I encourage Solomon to get used to the distance since training is going to be for a few weeks.
He had abit of trouble performing Cisco IOS commands. But with continued practice, he managed to perfect the commands and he's doing well.
Aaron managed to complete this week's main tasks. That is, configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices, installing software on end devices, configuring Vlans on layer 2 devices and inter-vlan routing. I encourage him to use devices and PCs at Stratcom to complete all the hands-on practical tasks.
Jovia managed to start internship at Stratcom and successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
Margert succesfully completed this week's main tasks. She understands cisco IOS commands with ease.
Configuring a cisco networking device involves a number of commands. I encourage Faith to get used to the commands.
Gilbert successfully completed this week's main tasks. I also encourage him to get used to the weather.
Noeline managed to complete this week's main tasks without any problem. She also acquired a unique skill this week,  that is, installing operating system and application software on PCs in addition to configuring VLANs and inter vlan routing using router on stick method.
She had abit of trouble configuring router on stick method of inter vlan routing,  but she is now ok.  She has perfected all the commands.
Dauglas has successfully finished internship. For end of internship challenge, he has coded a COVID tracking App from scratch. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Hellen had a challenge of configuring end devices as DHCP clients, but later on she perfected the practical skill of  configuring IP parameters automatically
Timothy has successfully finished internship. He has acquired hands-on skills in Networking, PC repair & software mantainance, systems administration ( windows and linux), camera installation and do much more. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
I encourage Syden to always install new software incase existing software fails to work. He can also use  other PCs at Stratcom.
Patricia had a bit of trouble configuring a desktop running windows 10 as a DHCP client but later on she perfected the skill.
I encourage Apollo to contact the Lead Trainer incase of any difficult Networking concepts / commands.
Luise completed this week's tasks without any challenge. She has also perfected cisco IOS commands needed to operate cisco Networking devices.
Collins has perfected all the cisco IOS commands and can configure / enable all routing protocols on layer 3 devices with ease.
Isaac has perfected all the IOS commands needed to operate intermediary devices (routers and switches). He can also fix common PC problems and install software with ease.
Phillip managed to start internship at Stratcom and  he is doing well.
The student was introduced to retrieving/fetchung data from database using vanilla/plain php and displaying it to bootstrap dashboard and views.
Heather successfully completed this week's main tasks. Networking equipment are expensive so I encourage her to use the ones at Stratcom for practice.
I encourage him to practice cisco IOS commands and also get used to troubleshooting connectivity problems since it's (troubleshooting) part of Networking.
Being the first week ,we had a broader career discussion so that he can fit into what is area of interest and also suiting internship objectives.
We have not yet figured the bug with the database, so we have been a bit on hold.
Fatihi successfully completed this week's practical tasks, that is, configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices and installing software on end devices.
I encourage Phillip to practice and perfect all the Cisco IOS commands.
Progressive.
Gordan managed to complete this week's main tasks, that is, configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices and installing software on end devices. Since he doesn't have a laptop, I encourage him to use PCs and other devices at Stratcom to complete all the practical tasks.
Progressive
Progressive
Joahua managed to start internship at Stratcom and successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
Chelsea managed to start internship this week. She had abit of trouble interconnecting intermediary and end user devices using ethernet cables. But later on, she perfected the skill.
Challenged by the installations, but understood the concepts well of graphics design which is aimed at guiding the students in User Interface Design when he reaches state of User interface design .
I encourage Jonas to get used to troubleshooting connectivity problems since it's (troubleshooting) part of networking.
We expect much from him. He is filled with fresh ideas that may boost our competitive advantage. 
Keep it up
Derrick has managed to start internship. He's primary area of interest is Networking  and he is doing well.
I'm happy with the progress that you are making Alex. Keep up the spirit.
Progressive in systems development
Saul has started internship and he is doing well. He can now operate networking equipment (cabling and configuring networking devices ) with ease.
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
He is manageable
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
She had abit of trouble perfecting cisco IOS commands, but she is now ok.
Shared my remarks on the website
Task completed
Sheenah successfully completed this week's main tasks, that is, configuring VLANS on layer 2 devices and installing software on end devices.
Student still has probelms in learning new concepts .
Shared feedback on the draft website
Martin has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to plan his movements a bit early to save on transport costs.
Rajab managed to start internship at Stratcom. He had abit of trouble with cisco IOS commands and cable termination. He practiced all the practical concepts and is now doing well.
He has successfully completed this week's main tasks. That is, installing operating systems & application software, configuring VLANs and inter-vlan routing using router on stick method.
Nice Frontend. Good to see that you managed to implement the radio search. Great work.
I encourage Sarah to get used to the weather because this is Uganda.
She was able to finish the react course and finished the assignment
Sarah can now dismantle and assemble end devices (laptops and desktops). For practice purposes, I encourage her to use PCs and networking machines at Stratcom.
Task well done
Andrew's attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned to.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
" Home interface and hosting of the application on heroku for agile development  ". I have not seen this. Otherwise, Enoch is a hardworking person. He has been able to learn many things and especially how to use the software engineering approach and documentation . Keep it up
Made some tangible progress this week. We have planned a mid week review session to assess the gap on the anticipated delivery timelines as revised.
Although the circumstances may be true, this is yet another week of excuses. We planned to use Google docs as a mitigation for loss of documentation which was not complied with. We have agreed a review of the recovery status on Monday and a team review session on Thursday in an effort to support improved productivity from Raziah.
Uma has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge. I encourage him to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Surely rose to the occasion, it was a successful sprint and well presented demo. This is to expose you to team leadership and organization.
Good job with the other tasks as well.
Louisa managed to debug all errors in her code and she successfully presented the end of internship challenge (coding a Jobconnect App from scratch). She is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Mary has successfully coded a multi page dynamic website from scratch. She is now supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the skills she has acquired.
Resty successfully coded and presented the end of internship challenge (coding a multi page dynamic website for her former school). She is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
He successfully completed this week's tasks, that is, configuring routing protocols on layer 3 devices and troubleshooting connectivity. issues.
Jovan can  now operate layer 2 and 3 devices (routers and switches) with ease. He can also install application software and operating system on end devices
Davis successfully coded and presented the end of internship challenge (coding a multi page dynamic website for his former school). He is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Thanks Hillary for working through this project. Please let me know when you are ready to show me the final version of the App that you created. Kindly also prepare your internship report and share it so that I can go through it before I travel. I am not going to be around from September 8th.
I can see that you are progressing well Trey. Keep up the spirit. I encourage you to interact more with your colleagues.
Installations were done to enable him launch  into more skillset.
Progressive Tasks.
we look forward to him using skillset acquired in networking
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Laptop challange,but progressive in the week's tasks.
Collins successfully coded and presented the end of internship challenge (coding a Jobconnect App from scratch). He is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Mr. Mutamba presented his new findings in the analytics report on the social media platforms and website.
Sharifah Nakagwe shows a lot of promise, we are happy with performance.
I congratulate you Jed on successfully completing the internship. Take the lessons learnt and the skills acquired seriously and you are definitely going to have a bright career ahead and you'll make a wonderful professional.
Good progress
The tasks were done well and he collaborated well with his fellow intern on this
The student covered this all well. And she cares to do all the take home research.
Website reviewed and remarks shared.
Concluded the internship
Tasks carried successfully with minimal supervision.
Lubega Nabunje shows a lot of promise, we are impressed by her performance.
Intern exhibit good working relationship with our partners.
She is almost done with the end of internship coding challenge.
Jacintah successfully coded and presented the end of internship challenge ( a web App that enables students to register for internship at Stratcom). She is supposed to write end of internship report, explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Juliette, you are welcome to the team. It's a pleasure and making your acquaintance is my honor. Delegated some assignments to her and she received them wholeheartedly. Accepting assignments and questioning the intent is a good show of a person who has the urge to learn.
Value addition to the team, the only lady but in her research, did the dev team gain. She might just grow and even better be a seasoned Business Systems Analyst.
The second milestone for the internship project i.e. post detection analysis has been completed. Alvin has implemented all the algorithms that were discussed to measure properties like count, size and orientation of the segmentations using techniques like contour detection and distance transforms. Again the organization of the work on Git is outstanding and easy for review.
Alvin suggested and expanded the scope of the post-detection analysis to understand other characteristics of the data and models e.g using saliency and activation maps to understand the parts of the image which the different models focus on during the training/learning process.
She successfully coded and presented the registration App. She has to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
He needs to learn how to automate his tests, other than that all tasks were met.
All tasks have been met, I am happy with how he handled shop and order processing records.
All tasks have been met with no challenges whatsoever.
Used good programming principles taught like proper naming conventions, reusability of classes and functions. Applied knowledge of versioning software
she  submits her assignments on time
Great team spirit
HardWorking
Clinicmaster appreciates the project that Isaac has come up with. It answers problems in process flows currently in providing allowances to employees. The system has passed testing and validation, a lot of clinicmaster standards were followed, now we are waiting to have the system deployed and used.
Juliet has shown a hunger for learning, a huge motivator factor in understanding the changing environment of Information Technology. She has been at the forefront, especially when a task is assigned to her. I will suggest more training on getting out of the skin (comfort zone). A prudent individual.
the student is now okay with the online platforms according to the work in progress. I appreciate the effort.
PROGRESSED IN WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT
The pagination module has been done very well whoever ensure that you deploy the system to the sever within the agreed timeline s
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Was able to practically execute tasks given under networking among others.
Great progress, noted.
Well done and seen.
He is a good and a promising hardworking student who is ready to learn and pick everything when given a new challenging  task . He made a good start for his internship.
Progressive
Multitasking ,since activities where increasing at the moment,hence we had to engage a multi-taksing approach.
Progressive
Challenged by the computer.
Progressed in systems development.
Progressive
All tasks completed successfully.
Excellent work.
Mary has been introduced to a new kind of organisational programming and is capable of adapting really well and fast. She has fitted within our data management structure and is willing to learn. Week one has been successful.
Waiting on the GitHub authentication feature.
Technically progressive
Progressive
Progressive ,since some tasks at hand for that week didn't require internet.
Progressive-Implying targets were met.
Progressive
Progressive ,since the week's target ,where achieved by the student.
Progressive ,since the week's targets were achieved.
Progressive
Progressive
Collins, delivered Github Auth, which is going to become the primary method of authentication on the cranecloud platform.
Managed to deliver even with limited resources
We managed to Install and get operational differences with in the selected operating systems, we made the straight through and crossed cables, we installed and configured the server, we learnt the file security and sharing , we  interfaced with the server 2012 active directory  in preparations for next week's field  tasks support  to be carried out at TASO Headquaters.
Derrick managed to completed this week's hands-on tasks. I encourage him to plan his movements abit early and save on transport costs.
Joshua completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
Loy was very active during the Server configurations ,  she expressed a high degree of  patience and proficiency  during the End desk support to the Users who needed IT assistance.
She has done well so far and accumulated hands on skills in network configuration.
Nice cabling skills. He installed a 4 channel CCTV camera at platinum royale hotel busega. 

We are impressed with his work
Consistently arrives to work on time.
   Has had no unscheduled absences during the rating period.
   Always cordial and willing to help workers, interns, and clients.
   Always asks questions and seeks guidance when not sure of what to do.
#NAME?
Phionah  is an outstanding internee in our company, she is well cooperative and reliable. All in all she is a conscientious student.
she is very creative in designing user interfaces.
Uma has successully finished internship at Stratcom. He has acquired hands-on skills in networking, systems Admin, PC repair and software maintenance and so much more. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the best.
Attended the team meetings despite the challenges.
Linux is better than windows in so many ways. So I encourage Rebecca to get used to Linux and perfect all commands needed to operate a linux system.
Rebecca has successfully finished her internship at Stratcom. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in details all the new skills she has acquired.
Progressive irrespective of the Virtual Machine Set-up failure
I encourage Aaron to get used to the distance since internship is almost done. That aside, he successfully  completed this week's tasks and he's doing well.
He is free to make use of the Networking  equipment at Stratcom to perfect all the practical concepts.
Hellen successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
Jonas has completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
I encourage Shadrack to plan his movements abit early to beat curfew time.
Doctype was eventually done .
Robinson has started internship. I encourage him to use simulation software (either GNS3 or packet tracer) to perfect all the IOS commands.
She has acquired the practical skills needed to share resources on a LAN like files and folders and also secure intermediary Networking devices.
Pamella managed to complete this week's tasks with out any challenges. She is doing well.
Solomon has perfected all the cisco IOS commands and has acquired hands-on skills and techniques to troubleshoot network connectivity issues.
I encourage Gilbert to get used to the weather because this is Uganda.
Noeline had abit of trouble setting up a simple file server. But later on, she perfected all the steps to accomplish this task.
I encourage Jovia to plan her movements abit early to save on transport.
Faith can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs, and she can easily share resources (like printers and internet connection) on a LAN. I encourage her to use PC repair knowledge to fix faulty laptops.
Was able to meet the targets set for the week .
Phillip can now share resources on a LAN, that is printers, internet connection and documents.
Leticia has successfully completed this week's tasks. In order to appreciate the power of Linux, I encourage her to switch from windows to Linux
Emeju managed to start internship at Stratcom. His primary area of interest is networking.
Heather successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge. She can now share resources on a LAN  and secure intermediary Networking devices.
Syden has successfully completed this week's main tasks like setting up a file server, configuring SSH, Configuring  DHCP and access control lists on layer 3.
He is a promising networking professional.
Luise successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge. She can now share resources on a LAN and configure a layer 3 device as DHCP server.
I have not contacted Pius during the week as I lost access to my phone. But he has managed to physically reach me and we shall discuss the way forward.
Despite afew challenges especially with transport, Hope managed to complete this week's tasks. She is doing well.
I encourage Isaac to use the time while away from Stratcom to practice and perfect all the new skills he has acquired in the course of the week.
Progressive ,more so in the areas of PHP functionalities which seemed new to him.
She has perfected all the IOS commands needed to operate an intermediary device.  She can also set up a small office / home network of atleast 20 users.
Sarah has acquired hands-on skills to set up a LAN with a number of PCs. She can also share resources (printers, files and internet connection) on a LAN with ease.
Margret completed this week's tasks (configuring DHCP Server, Configuring SSH, setting up a file server.... etc ) without any challenge.
Jovan has successfully completed this week's tasks. He is doing well.
I am yet to see what you claim is complete
Some times the IOS image takes time to load. So I encourage Collins to exercise patience when operating or configuring intermediary devices (routers and switches)
Syden has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge. He has also perfected all commands needed to activate all interior gateway protocols on layer 3 devices.
Task completed. He has cleaned 1400 farmer records so far and generated 800,000 alphanumeric codes to be used in an upcoming mobile marketing promotion
Joram has successfully completed this week's tasks. He's a promising networks expert and he has my best of luck
I still encourage Fatihi to plan his movements abit early and save on transport costs. That aside, he has perfected all the IOS commands needed to operate an intermediary device.
Due to increase in the tasks Winnie proved to be good at multitasking as each area of study,i.e. website design, functionalities using php and Graphics design.
I encourage Patricio to practice all the cisco IOS commands. He is also free to consult the Lead Trainer incase of any challenge.
with some few challenges at the start of the week, the student later mastered how to plot data from the database on different graphs like bar charts and line graphs thus easing reporting
I encourage Emeju to use available devices for hands-on practice.
I encourage Saul to practice commands used to activate telnet and SSH protocols for remote access.
I still encourage Martin to plan his movements a bit early so that he can save on transport costs and avoid traffic jam
Keep up the spirit Trey. I encourage you to read more about Object Oriented Programming and start practising it.
Patricia has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
Rajab managed to complete this week's hands-on tasks, that is, setting up a simple file server on a LAN, building and troubleshooting access control lists, and using remote desktop to access PCs remotely.
Internship is about acquiring hands-on skills and practical competence in the field. So I encourage Gordan not to get tired of learning new stuff practically.
Awaiting final report review
All machines are in good working condition. I encourage Chelsea to repeat the hands-on practical for assigning IP parameters to end devices.
Sharon has implemented some new approaches for grouping the data using methods such as k-nearest neighbor algorithm. I have also started lessons to teach her and colleagues some other machine learning methods that will be used for analyzing the data.
He had a challenge with his computer but progressed in activities that didn't require computer .
Eve has started internship and and her main area of interest is networking. She is doing well so far.
Progressive :As she didn't encounter any challange,she was on time and attended all the sessions.
Was able to design the Graphics work assigned, as well as finish the systems testing report.
I congratulate you Alex on successfully completing the internship. If you maintain the positive attitude, you will have laid a firm foundation for an exciting and fulfilling career ahead.
Focus was on the design process of a system, which she was able to do.
Awaiting review of final report
Student lacks focus in task completion
Great work with the Figma mockups.
Some tangible progress made this week. We have agreed that power cuts and internet connectivity are infrastructural setbacks which are beyond our control, and therefore we have to revise the delivery schedule to a more realistic timeline. This should be taken as a lesson in our planning.
Breaking up the delivery timelines across week helped Raziah to meet expectation this week. She works better under tight supervision and needs to develop being self driven to be competitive in the market.
We have agreed that power cuts and internet connectivity are infrastructural setbacks which are beyond our control, and therefore we have to revise the delivery schedule to a more realistic timeline. This should be taken as a lesson during the planning.
This is the last week of internship and I have had a lesson with Diana and her colleagues to explain some of the machine learning algorithms that can be used to cluster and identify the data points further
Progressive
Challenged by systems development tasks offered to him.
Trainee was exposed to live networking environments
Progressive since ,she was  able to meet all the targets set for the week.
I still encourage him to get used to the long training sessions which are purely hands-on.
Stacey has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge
Charlotte has successfully finished internship at Stratcom. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Progressive
The assignment was done to my satisfaction
Good progress
Arnold was able to use his creativity to solve the limitations presented by the h5p library.
The assignment was completed to my satisfaction.
The assignment was completed to my satisfaction.
Arnold was able to learn the machine learning content to get started with the implementation.
Arnold managed to use Colab to run model training experiments.
Few challenges with model implementation. Encouraged Arnold to do thorough reading of the concepts introduced to better understand all the parameters he was fine-tuning.
Good progress.
Jude executed well on the Quality Control for the mobile UI/UX of our website. He also worked hand in hand with his teammates.
Mary is well informed about the different types of Operating systems and how to install most of them especially Windows. From windows XP, 7 and 10. 
The installations of the different Windows OS was done to my satisfaction.
She is an outstanding student and was able to complete all the assignments given on time
I took the student through setting up virtual severs but I made the topic short because she has not covered it yet.
Andrew has successfully finished internship at Stratcom. He's a promising Networking guru and I wish him the very best.
Intern performance is commendable.
Simon has successfully completed this week's tasks.
Progressive
The presentation was informative and the work was well executed
Mr. Mutamba Abudi presented the analytics reports on the social media platforms to the Online Presence Manager.
Tasks carried successfully with minimal supervision.
It is not clear from this review what your app will deliver in the end and how you are handling the development.
Please provide more detail to the reader. 
regards, and enjoy the FA
Swaib
Good work
Aida has coded and presented the end of internship coding challenge, that is, a web app that enables students to register for internship at Stratcom. She is now supposed to write end of internship report and explain in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
I encourage Hilda to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security. Alternatively, she can create a multi boot system with windows and linux.
Hilda has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her very best.
Though its was overwhelming for the student to have a new look of the webhosting control panel he managed to make his way out to installing the the app online with better images
The website is okay and the student demonstrated better understanding of the content management system.
Intern is progressing well
He is a promising linux guru. To appreciate the power of linux, I encourage Ssemuga to switch from windows to linux.
I encourage Ssemuga to upgrade his machine for better performance. He is also free to use Stratcom PCs and networking equipment for practice.
Ssemuga has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Ssemuga successfully completed this week's tasks with ease. He is a promising Networking Professional.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Does not require constant supervision.
Has had no unscheduled absences, except for documented emergencies.
Maintains good working relationships with coworkers.
Usually adjusts well to changes in the work place.
Takes messages, writes correspondence, deals with customers and coworkers with sufficient attention to detail.
Fast and steady progress until now, glad you now have very good and clear understanding of flutter.
I hope you can catch up fast still with React framework and see what you can do with it.
Great work is all i can say.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 6 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 6 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
Indicated progress on tasks assigned to the intern in week 7 reviewed and completion acknowledged.
Joshua has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. I also encourage him to use networking equipment at Stratcom for practice.
Intern is progressing well and we are happy with the output.
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
He takes accountability on everything done
He is dependable
improved her communication with the supervisor...
Asked questions when stuck
Mr Lutalo is an enthusiastic student, ready and willing to learn. He poses excellent learning expectations of the training period and am looking forward to our future engagements. He is a promising student.
Finished tasks as assigned
Despite our limited physical contact hours, Mr. Lutalo has further proved his zeal to learn. 1. By always keeping time during our online interactions. 
2. Proactively scheduling online meetings before hand.
3. Following up with the supervisor to ensure that the scheduled meeting happens.

He has kept this week's engagements active and I applaud him for the great initiative.
He's been excellent this week. In light of this great learning spirit, we appointed him to a team leader position. he will be the coordination point between the students and the supervisor at the Fund.
Finished tasks as assigned
Focus was on hardware and networking introduction  session ,in networking he had some basic idea  hence wasn't naïve as it was to hardware maintenance and repair .
Progressive
Challenged by her Laptop.
Shariff was inquisitive and fully involved in the practical at hand in these session ii.e was able to install softwares,as required
Technical knowledge challenge, which was resolved by her comitting  time to learn more and practically being involved.
Progressive
Progressive installations.
Challenged by the Laptop.
Progressed  in multimedia work as well as web development ,since those where among his key areas of intrest.
Student is promising. Has picked up very fast and fitted in the ACORD culture well
Great teamwork . He's energetic and that's a key point during our CCTV and cabling activities
Was challenged in the design since he hadn't used the software before.
Progressive in the week's activity.
He is ably good now  at identifying the  different components of a motherboard on observation at first hand with even the merging models and there functions specifically the current  peripherals connected which may include HDMI to VGA convertors for display ,E-SATA connectors for  SATA hard drive.
Patricio managed to start internship at Stratcom and he is doing well. I encourage him to practice commands needed to activate different routing protocols on layer 3 devices.
This was Collins final week at  internship, he has added great value to the team, and met all expectations.
Progressive
Progressive
He can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs, and share resources like printers and internet connection.
He has successfully and diligently accomplished the tasks under my guidance and supervision
He has perfected all the cisco IOS commands needed to operate a cisco intermediary device.
I want to applaud Sheenah for handling our equipment with care.
I encourage Derrick to make use of Networking equipment at Stratcom for practice. He should also get used to Ugandan weather.
Robinson  has completed this week's tasks. He should handle all networking equipment at Stratcom with care because they are very expensive in terms of maintenance.
The student took  lots of time learning the framework , probably because of lack of exposure to systems .
She has acquired the practical skills needed to set up a LAN of atleast 20 computers. She can also share set up a wireless LAN and share resources like printers and internet connection.
I encourage Gilbert to plan his movements abit early and save on transport costs. That aside, he has successuflly completed this week's tasks.
Syden can now set up a LAN with any number of PCs. He can also share resources like printers and internet connection on the LAN.
She has acquired the hands-on skills to set up a LAN of atleast 20 computers, share resources and also set up a wireless LAN.
Hellen had abit of trouble configuring and securing an access point. After repeating the practical session, she perfected the skill.
After successfully completing this week's tasks, Elysmus can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs and also share resources like printers and internet connection.
After completing this week's tasks, Aaron can now set up a LAN with any number of PCs and also share resources like printers and files. He can also set up and secure a wireless LAN.
Despite distance challenge, Gordan managed to complete this week's main tasks. That is, setting up a SOHO network, configuring wireless devices, building and troubleshooting access control lists and sharing resources on a LAN (Printers and internet connection) .
Jonas had a bit of difficulty with routing protocols. But with continued practice, he managed to perfect all the IOS commands needed to activate and troubleshoot routing protocols on layer 3 devices.
Faith can now set up a Wireless Local Network (WLAN) with ease. She can also configure a layer 3 device to work as a basic firewall
He successfully completed this week's tasks and also perfected all the IOS commands needed to operate a cisco device.
Eve has managed to complete this week's tasks. She is free to use networking devices and PCs at Stratcom for practice.
She managed to reset a wireless access point to factory settings and went ahead to set up a wireless LAN.
He managed to reset the wireless access point to factory settings and went ahead to set up a wireless LAN
Jovan can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs. He can also share resources like printers and internet connection on the network.
Despite a few challenges, Sarah can now install operating systems and application software on end devices.
Margret is a promising Networking professional. She completes all networking practical challenges with ease.
had little knowledge in PHP.
done
Nicely done with the implementation of the GitHub authentication.
Saul can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs. He can also share resources like printers and internet connection on the Network.
Progressive
Chelsea has acquired the practical skills to set up a LAN with a number of PCs. She can also share resources like printers and internet connection with ease.
Great Progress. Next we will try to incorporate the Luganda ASR model into the system
Patricia has successfully completed this week's tasks. She can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and share resources like printers and internet connection.
Progressive
Despite delays in setting up a wireless LAN, Luise managed to complete this week's tasks. She can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs. She can also share resources like printers and internet connection on the LAN.
Please find ways of extracting audio and text. Let me know in case of any challenges.
I encourage Hope to plan her movements abit early to avoid traffic jam.
Rajab managed to reset the access point to factory settings, and went ahead to configure and secure it (access point ). He also set up a small office LAN and shared resources (printers and internet connection).
Due curfew and COVID SOPs, Isaac may not spend the whole day at Startcom. I encourage him to use the limited time at Stratcom to learn stuff practically. He is also free to contact the Lead Trainer in case of any challenges.
He can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs, and also share resources like printers and  internet connection
Heather successfully completed this week's tasks. She can now set up a LAN from scratch and also share resources like printers and internet connection on the network.
He successfully completed this week's task. That is, setting up a Small Office Home Network (SOHO). He also managed to share resources on the LAN (printers and Internet connection ).
He had to learn some new skillset in php coding,which was handled.
Angella's self motivation to work and go an extra mile in every task she is assigned is one of the reasons that made her an outstanding intern at the company.
Progressive
Awaiting review of field report,
Martin has acquired the necessary skills to set up a LAN with a number of PCs. He can also share resources like printers and internet connection on a network.
The student was exposed to more challenging tasks especially applying filters to graphical reports , the tasks he executed excellently.
She successfully completed this week's tasks, that is configuring & troubleshooting access control lists  and setting up a wireless network
Well done. Good start
Patricio has successfully completed this week's tasks. He can now set up a LAN from scratch and also share resources like printers and internet connection.
We as a company have observed shariffa's dedication, willingness to do any task presented to her and on top of it she always delivers assigned tasks on time. we regard her as an asset to the company.
Her willingness, participation and dedication to work in a team is one of a kind.
Collins has acquired the hands-on skills and techniques needed to troubleshoot network connectivity issues. He can also configure any type of wireless access point.
He's good at fixing PC's problems such at troubleshooting network problems and updates of drivers
She is a promising linux guru.
Leticia has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her the very best.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without serious challenges. He can also set up a LAN with a number of PCs.
Martin has perfected all cisco IOS commands and he can now activate any routing protocol on a layer 3 device. When dismantling portable devices, he should always put screws in one place / small container.
The styling of the pages and buttons has been done like instructed and question alignment per page has been done well too. Ensure that you implement sessions in the system
Mr. Ssebaggala's attentiveness and desire to learn what he is not familiar with is very admirable. Thank you for this personal drive.
The enthusiasm to learn that has been displayed and exercised is a good indicator of a serious person/student. Keep it up, Mr. Ssebaggala. The sky will be the limit if this attitude towards learning is taken up in your upcoming career.
Given the desire to learn attributes, I can testify that Mr Ssebaggala can practically set up a basic LAN, WAN and Access control infrastructure. Thank you for putting theory to practice. Great Job
Under the introduction to hardware session, there are new terms and knowledge he didn't know. .
Good take on this task.
Nicely done with the new look of the app settings.
Joram is almost done with internship. He's supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the newly acquired skills.
I'm sorry to learn about the server outages Hillary. These have since been addressed. Keep moving.
Thanks Hillary for staying focused. We'll have a presentation sooner rather than later so that we can go through your product.
Hillary, the server issues was sorted and your code buddy did his part. Your team should now be set to make the presentation. I congratulate you on successfully completing the internship. I encourage you to take the lessons learnt and skills acquired to heart such that you can convert the potential you have into the wonderful professional you are capable of becoming.
Juliet has shown a hunger for learning, a huge motivator factor in understanding the changing environment of Information Technology. She has been at the forefront, especially when a task is assigned to her. I will suggest more training on getting out of the skin (comfort zone). A prudent individual.
She  has successfully setup the development and database enviroment for the messaging app.
Martin has started internship at Stratcom and he is doing well. He has managed to complete this week's tasks.
Challenged by the exams but progressive in the area of Graphics.
Tasks well done
I'm happy with your progress Trey and I encourage you to keep up the spirit and diligence going forward. This will setup a bright career ahead for you.
I congratulate you Ryan on successfully completing your internship and executing the task given to you. If you maintain this attitude and diligence, you definitely have a bright future ahead of you.
Good progress.
It took a while for Sharif to get familiar with the code base but it was later accomplished.
He managed to complete one of the 3 tasks scheduled for the week.
I believe the API documentation hindered him during some of his work.
Loy was very supportive during the restoration of systems at TASO Entebbe Centre  but it was also an advantage on her side that she got to see and interact with  a number of operations during restoration of systems and services.
Loy seemed not very conversant with Routing and Switching procedures and she was finding it hard to do command line  configurations. 
However , we tried to go through a step by step configurations of the cisco 2800 series router and 2950 series  cisco switch  and by the end she was able to do some basic configuration works  on cisco appliances.  we are to master more configurations the following week.
Progressive in networking
Progressive
The team is realizing real life experience of what can go wrong with a well intended plan. This provides lessons on planning and promising the customer regarding expected delivery timelines. The project plan has been adjusted for the second time.
Mary is now better informed about the different application software and utility software and she now knows how to install them on Windows. She did it to my satisfaction.
Intern Is progressing well and we are happy with his output
Mr. Mutamba submitted and presented the comparison report for the social media platforms to the Online Presence Manager.
The team is realizing real life experience of what can go wrong with a well intended plan. This provides lessons on planning and promising the customer regarding expected delivery timelines. The project plan has been adjusted for the second time.
I congratulate you Walter on successfully executing the tasks assigned to you and completing this internship. If you maintain the diligence and attitude exhibited, you career is starting on a high.
Good progress on the tasks
Great documentation of the new API process. Kengo has displayed exceptional performance when it comes to the backend and database management. We are confident of his work and encourage him to keep it up.
Steve has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Excellent work presented and delivered with in the required timeframe.
student had difficulties arriving on time. excellent attention to detail and concentration.
student faced challenges during data collection but overall the results were satisfactory.
excellent work by student.
Everything was delivered on time.
time management is quite a problem on the students' part.
He needs to take into consideration the respective HTTP verbs and their use cases.
needs time to understand the system user interface. but he is a quick learner and a hard worker.
student has negative attitude. needs to change and develop ability to work under pressure.
student has a good understanding of database management systems.
but a bit slow on certain tasks. i rate this as fairly good.
The student is proactive and committed to looking for solutions to challenges he encounters as he executes assignments given to him.
progressive
Laptop Challenge but was Progressing since some tasks where handled as a  team.
we are impressed by your input
Progressive
Emmanuel is very passionate about using Microsoft Publisher for making receipts, posters and is quick in learning the same using Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator.
The student was able to implement login authentication logic for farmers on the farmer information system project.This was implemented hand in hand with managing user audit trails
Accomplished the tasks  in progress for that week.
Solomon has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Networking equipment are really expensive. So I encourage Joshua to always find time and come to Stratcom for practice until he saves enough money to buy his own equipment.
Luise is a promising linux guru. I encourage  her to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
I encourage Hellen to get used to linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.  Alternatively, she can create a multi boot system with windows and linux.
Pamella managed to complete this week's tasks (using linux operating System) without any problems.
Emeju should embrace linux operating system. I also encourage him to create a dual boot system so that he can practice linux commands or get used to linux and at the same time use windows OS for daily tasks.
I encourage Sarah to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
Anna has successfully completed this week's tasks. She is a promising linux guru.
Noeline managed to complete this week's tasks without any challenge. I encourage her to embrace linux because it's a very good operating system.
I encourage Faith to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system, in terms of security.
To appreciate the power of linux, I encourage Isaac to switch from windows to linux. Alternatively, he can create a multi boot system with linux and windows.
I encourage Syden to perfect Linux and if possible switch from windows to linux. He is also supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Rajab managed to complete this week's tasks ( about linux) and he is a promising Linux guru.
Rhoda has successfully competed this week's tasks. She is doing well.
I encourage Patricia to perfect Linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security. Alternatively, she can create a multi boot system with both windows and linux.
I encourage him to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security. Alternatively, he can create a multi boot system with windows and linux.
Joan has successfully completed this week's tasks. She is doing well.
I encourage Rhoda to get used to Ugandan weather. That aside, she successfully completed this week's tasks.
With disassembling systems unit of different desktops and tower computers and assembling  parts He is  at 90% then with team excellent since He can guide others on how ,where and when parts are installed.
Despite a few challenges, Heather managed to complete this week's tasks. She is a promising linux guru.
Apollo is a promising linux guru. I encourage him to switch from windows to linux because it's ( linux ) a very good operating system in terms of security. Alternatively, he can create a multi boot system  with both operating systems.
Aaron is a promising Linux guru. To appreciate the power of linux, I encourage him to switch from windows to linux or create a multi boot system that has both operating systems.
I encourage him to perfect Linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
I encourage Gilbert to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security. Alternatively, he can create a multi boot system with windows and linux.
I encourage Jovia to perfect Linux because it's a very good operating system, in terms of security.
She is learning to use the form designer but great work over
She has done well in creating two networks having two different routers and switches that are connected together as per the assignment.
He has built a positive relationship with team members at office which has helped the team better together and
 stay focused
tasks well accomplished
Problem was identified, looking forward to the outcome
I encourage Robinson to get used to Linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security. Alternatively, he can create a multi boot system with windows and linux.
I encourage Shadrack to perfect linux because it's a  very good operating system in terms of security.
she did great in her tasks
Sheenah has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge. I encourage her to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
Galvin has very good work ethics and follows direction well,I was so impressed with how he engaged  with the stakeholders and end users of the system to get the requirements
I encourage Jonas to get used to Linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
He offered ideas to solve problems based on good information and sound judgment,though the task was quite hard, he managed to  produce out outstanding work.
Derrick is a promising Networking professional. I encourage him to utilise his time at Stratcom and acquire hands-on skills and practical competence needed by employers.
I encourage Gordan to use machines at Stratcom for hands-on practice. That aside, he has managed to complete this week's task. I also encourage him to perfect linux since it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
I still encourage Collins to utilize the days at Stratcom to acquire hand-on skills and practical competence.
Progressive
Progressed in User Interface Design for the System.
He got a little bit flustered in unusual situations(trying to debug errors and creating a lot of fields) though he looked for ways to streamline procedures thus improving his efficiency
Progressed in the tasks as required .
Hope has completed this week's tasks without any challenge. I encourage her to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security. Alternatively, she can create a multi boot system with windows and linux.
These were a little bit hard tasks for him though he managed to use his problem solving skills hence completing the task in time,i love the energy and the motivation he gives to his group-mates,I am very satisfied with overall performance. I certainly would consider him for a more permanent job in the future
Exams
I encourage Jovan to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
This quite took him some though he displayed his excellent oral communication and time management skills
I encourage Chelsea to upgrade her machine for better performance. She should also perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
I encourage him to upgrade his machine for better performance. He should also create a dual boot system so that he can run windows and linux operating systems on the same machine.
I encourage Phillip to perfect Linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
Fatihi should plan his movements abit early and save on transport fees. That aside, he has successfully completed this week's tasks and he's a promising linux guru.
Examinations interrupted her concentration.
Steady progress. Good job
done
Progressive in the three areas,web designing, systems development and networking.
During this week, we welcomed and guided Herbert on what we expect from him through out the internship period.
She has perfected all IOS commands needed to configure  intermediary devices (routers and switches).
Progressive
I encourage Martin to perfect Linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security. Alternatively, he can create a multi boot system with windows and linux.
Progressive
Task well done
Sharif has started to fit in.
He has contributed a lot to the design thinking which has been lacking in the front-end team.
i can confirm you've got a greater understanding of GitHub and are glad with your progress from where we started until now. Please finalize with reviewing your reports and also be sure to submit your final report on time.
Approved
This week focus was more on coding, which he committed time to engage accordingly
Terry attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Terry attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Terry attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Terry attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Terry attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Terry attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Terry attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
Terry attendance record for these week was exceedingly proper regardless of the network connection challenges.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too.
He is so inquisitive, asks to learn and he has been so attentive during all the trainings.
I will share a 10-hour music dataset next week. Continue with experiments
Great progress.  Looking forward to better results
Exam preparation break. I will be waiting for the results. You can share the notebook results via Google Colab. Great work. All the best.
Daniel is an outstanding person when it comes to this,he was able to provide meaningful information to decision makers that helped in the preparation of the project.
In setting up this he frequently became impatient when things weren't functioning as expected
Innocent was very supportive to coworkers,this solved the problem of blank page displays
He displayed initiative and enthusiasm during debugging
He always asks questions and seeks guidance when not sure of what to do,this makes him a good collaborator
Draws on the knowledge and skills of others
All tasked Herbert stated above have been completed together with his team members despite the different challenges that he has been passing through. however, we are hopeful that all the challenges  that he mentioned, shall be sorted out once he is reallocated at  CEED office where he will be required to work from.
Despite being fixed with exams , the student accomplished the tasks assigned to him in time
From first principles. He is able to install different types of software both commercial and non commercial in the a smart and completed in appropriate time for the end user satisfaction with all necessary configurations made.
He was very good at excels especially the accounting formulas and IF functions. He learnt a lot in designing of posters, banners, logos and extended his skills in windows installation and activator.
Rhoda had a few issues with some software that couldn't install on her PC but she managed to fix the problem.  Being the last week,  she is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Luise has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
He listens well and does as told in an excellent manner. He's kept that up for all of his time with us.
Rhoda can now fix common PC problems. She can also configure VLANs on layer 2 devices.
Faith has acquired windows and linux systems Administration knowledge. She is a promising systems Administrator. For practice purposes, I encourage her to install linux on one of the computers at Stratcom.
I encourage Pamela to embrace linux because it's a very good operating system. She is also supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Noeline has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Anna has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her the very best.
Hellen has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her the very best.
I encourage Saul to get used to troubleshooting connectivity issues / correcting configuration errors since it's part of networking.
Fatihi has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Student lacks focus in task completion
In order to perfect linux commands, continuous practice is encouraged. So Robinson should practice all linux commands on a daily basis in order to become a linux guru.
Joan has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges. She is doing well so far.
Emeju was ill, but he managed to complete this week's tasks. He is a committed student.
Joshua successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge. He can now set up a LAN and also share resources like Printers, documents and interconnect connection on a LAN.
Aaron has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Patricia has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her the very best.
Elsymus has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Heather has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Francis is also passionate about Networking. This week, he has acquired hands-on skills in configuring layer 2 & 3 devices, fixing common PC problems and terminating cables.
Jonas has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
He had a bit of trouble while interacting with linux operating system. Fortunately, he managed to figure it out and he's doing well. I encourage Rajab to always contact the Lead Trainer incase of any challenges.
Gilbert has successfully completed this week's tasks. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Collins has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Apollo has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Gordan has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report  explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
He has acquired the practical skills needed to set up a LAN and also share resources like Printers and internet connection.
Hope has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her the very best.
To appreciate the power of linux, I encourage Chelsea to switch from windows to linux. Alternatively, she can create a multi boot system with windows and linux.
Sheenah has finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her the very best.
Derrick has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Good
More effort but great work
She is managing to create simple flows in Microsoft automate
I encourage Eve to use PCs at Stratcom for practice. That aside, she has successfully completed this week's tasks.
Joram has successfully completed this week's tasks. To appreciate the power of linux, I encourage him to switch from windows to linux or create a multi boot system.
Joram has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
We started from the basics and even if he knew the basics, he still wanted to learn more on what he had never cover. Very excellent energy from Edgar.
He was eager to learn these new technologies, and was able to beat My deadlines.
Martin has successfully finished internship. He has acquired hands-on skills in networking, system Admin, PC repair, software maintenance and so much more. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
He should learn to consult the lead Trainer incase of any challenges.
I encourage Caroli to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty.
Caroli has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Isaac is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Good Job on the your performance and output
Little was handled due to examination break  we gave to the students.
During this week focus was on the system development and it was a success.
Timothy has been exceptionally determined and focused on all tasks given to him.
Mr Ssebagala has been exceptional this week. His attitude towards learning and the ability to comprehend the complexity of material is astounding. He is a good learner and a bright student.
Mr ssebagala has been handy and extremely helpful this week. He was helpful in troubleshooting network issues that arose with mission critical systems at the Fund this week.
seems fine
Emmanuel learnt a lot in using Access database tools such reports, queries , forms and relationship. He is a good listener and did his tasks in time. He also makes research in some complicated tasks and comes out with the solutions in time.
He listens well and does as told in an excellent manner. He's kept that up for all of his time with us.
This was done though with difficulty
Faith has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the skills she has acquired.
Robinson has successfully completed this week's tasks. In addition, he has perfected all cisco IOS commands needed to operate or configure intermediary devices (routers and switches).
Joshua successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to get used to Linux since it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
Emeju has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Rajab has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Despite a few minor challenges, Saul has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
I encourage Francis to use the available devices (routers, switches,wireless routers, cables....etc) for practice.
Joan has perfected all IOS commands needed to operate a cisco networking device (layer 2 and 3). She can also install and troubleshoot software related issues on end devices.
Rhoda has successfully completed this week's tasks.
Chelsea has successfully completed this week's tasks. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.  We wish her the very best.
done
Herbert has worked hand in hand with colleagues to complete the tasks assigned to them and has attended all scheduled meetings and programs. He has been a great team player and has performed as expected of him so far.
Well done
The above tasks were successfully completed by Edgar.
Mr Lutalo is very self motivated. He completed all this week's tasks on time and excellently.
This week's activities were aimed at challenging the intern's problem solving capabilities. Mr Lutalo proved his ability to troubleshoot all kinds of network set-ups and configurations with ease.
Mr Lutalo is very hardworking and academic. He tackles research topics with enthusiasm and presents the findings in a highly professional way.
In addition to networking skills, Eve has acquired practical skills in installing Operating systems and application software on end devices.
Quite many tasks were assigned but I am impressed with his delivery.
All tasks have been met a successful week.
He needs to delve deeper into the documentation, other than that a successful week, all tasks met.
Good work done. Student needs to acqure a better laptop for a smoother learning experience.
Practice all the tasks by developing different real life solutions.
Amazing amount of research and implemetation. The enthusiasm shown was also great.
Good progress. There has also been a great amount of collaboration with the team member in charge of this Named Entity Recognition project
Great work and great initiative
The tasks have been well done and communication has been good
The student has been helpful and able to learn new ideas and skills in the week's activities like software installation & Upgrade on computers and  giving support to staff.
1. The student is willing to Learn, He does  Tasks allocated to him in time.

2.  He is a Quick Learner. hopefully he will benefit alot from the field training.
Tasks were completed successfully.
This Intern did really well on the virtual internship with BCG.
Progress has been  cited
Progressed in coding.
Rosemary is now well acquainted with booting computers to my satisfaction
Rosemary learnt and is now more knowledgeable about computer troubleshooting to my satisfaction.  She is very critical and this will make her a good technician in future.
Joshua has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Errors  led him to doing more research ,which was a point to test his resilience in systems development.
Emmanuel was good in doing the tasks online. Though he was a little bit disturbed by his exams, he managed to finish all the tasks he was assigned. He learnt how to connect two computers remotely which e said will help him at school with his fellow students
Was able to accomplish the tasks at hand ,hence progressive after recovering her work too.
Jovia can now fix common PC issues with ease.
successfully did the system test as they were proceeding with the tasks at hand.
With trouble shooting and repair basics. Display, booting and powering issues He has solutions since integration of the parts became known after disassembling laptops.
Progressive
Francis has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge. He can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs and also share resources like printers and internet connection with ease.
Robinson has finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Patricio is a promising Linux guru. I encourage him to switch from windows to linux
All tasks assigned for the week were completed successfully. Nearby road under construction which calls for the noise within the  work environment.
Patricio has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Rhoda can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs and she can also share resources like printers and internet connection on the network.
The student was actively involved in creation of farmers panel ,dashboard and expenses module of the farmers information system assigned to him
done
Well done and great improvement
She can now set up a LAN of at least 20 PCs and also share resources like documents, printers and internet connection on a network.
All tasks assigned got completed in time with 100% response rate.
Glad to have him on board, great work ethic displayed.
Progressive
We were very impressed with Okello’s work ethic, enthusiasm, and drive.
He lucked attention to detail, thus making some mistakes in the system gathering process
Implementing some features frequently made him impatient when things weren't functioning as expected,Though he managed to use his problem solving skills to provide simple solutions
Okello was very supportive to his workmates thus resolving the issue of vue page rendering
Okello was very passionate and wants to learn and improve. He needs to work
on managing his time wisely.
Okello is a smart young man. Seems to know what he wants. Has a plan, and
should be successful
More practice using Virtual platforms will help you further.
The progress on converting the pop up to a page is good.
Sharif is creative in terms of design and the I believe the page is going to well when completed.
I think we undermined the weight of the task to be completed withing a week. 
It turns out it will cover part of next week.
Overall, progress is good.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks.
I encourage Shadrack to balance time between  school and practical sessions at Stratcom.
Shadrack has successfully finished internship. He's supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Her R&D Skills affected the team, especially on security matters. Her effort is dully noted.
One of our chief Testers, with attention to detail. She made good application tests that added value to the Mobile Application in general.
Approved
The student was able to learn and help in Online Declaration process of Assets, wealth and Liabilities by Civil servants and political leaders
Progressive tasks
progressive
Juliet has shown a hunger for learning, a huge motivator factor in understanding the changing environment of Information Technology. She has been at the forefront, especially when a task is assigned to her. I will suggest more training on getting out of the skin (comfort zone). A prudent individual.
week's activities were successfully executed with the internee . i.e giving support and training some of officers on basic software and hardware use. anti virus update and other system support to staff. 
The internee has developed confidence in handling and supporting staff and clients.
He is proactive and willing to do whatever needs to be done. Good job Duncan.
Eve can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs. She can also share resources like printers and internet connection with ease.
He expressed his challenges concerning data collection during interviews due to network issues. That aside, He has gotten a good grasp of how the system here runs.
The intern has been able to complete the weekly tasks, like supporting secretaries on appropriate software solutions to complete certain tasks and assessment of the daily network status.
It was good to have him deliver critical feedback concerning the structure of and mode of delivery concerning our Music lessons.
I received good feedback concerning the tasks above. Well done.
He is a serious committed student.
Well done Duncan, positive feedback received concerning this week's tasks.
He has a good understanding of what He's doing. well done.
Mr. Ssebaggala's understanding of local laws is amazing. He is ready to move an extra mile when it comes to research and reading ahead. His presentation of research findings is precise and professional.
The whole period Mr. Ssebaggala interned with us has been a curve of learning. He is remarkable and surely an "A" student with us this internship period
Emmanuel did all his tasks and completed them in the 6 weeks of his internship. He is a brilliant student and added another one week because of the exams interruptions making it 7 weeks.
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Rosemary is now in position to troubleshoot, diagnose and also perform preventive and corrective maintenance of a computer to my satisfaction. She has been very eager to learn new things and also work on different computers during her internship.
He acquired more skills in networking an  area which was  his among his key areas of interest
Progressive
She is a promising Networking guru.
He is able to lead a team of network technician to design a LAN  putting all in words and hands with all the factors remaining constant such as location and costs involved in allocated time with efficiency.
Joan is a promising networking professional. She has acquired hands-on skills to troubleshoot network connectivity issues.
Francis has successfully finished internship. He has acquired hands-on skills in coding, networking, systems Admin, PC repair and so much more. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the skills he has acquired.
Jovia has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Herbert is a Good time manager, hardworking, social and has created a good rapport with the team in Gulu. This has helped him achieve quite a lot so far.
More time needed for fibre installation but so far so good.
You are handling the training well enough. Keep it up
Progressive
....
Very dependable and always willing to go above and beyond expectations.
Continue researching about IPv6 addressing.
Exams
EXAMS
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Other than working on his tasks, I like that Sharif likes to contribute to discussions about making the system better.
Had to create more time to learn how to come up with better design  which he did and we had good work done by him.
focus was on exams
you are encouraged to continue practicing.
more practice needed
Progressive
advanced in networking since it was also his area of focus.
He was new to dynamic websites designing using content management systems, but appreciated the technology  and picked interest in this area too.
Progressive
Focus was on systems design  and e looked at the UI design in preparation for the HTML design and analysis leading to a better solution under development.
Focus this week was more on testing the system.
Progressive
This week was challenging as the student was about to take on her exams so attention was divided though she managed to finish my assignment
I took the student through the basics of IP address and it’s her further research that helped a lot in this chapter
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive in the different areas being handled.
Completed the study with no problem.
Discussed service flows together, he has clear understanding
He always knew when to ask questions and when to seek guidance this helped him not to do double work during review processes with the stalk holders
Please also add the option to save pre-determined tags and also save the previously used tags in the database. Otherwise, great progress.
Great Work! I'm looking forward to seeing the system working with real radio data.
Multiword search working well. Tasks executed as requested. Great Work
Innocent is a wonderful young man, who has a great deal of success ahead of
him. He has been  thoughtful and kind. He has a great deal of self discipline and
initiative despite the challenge he faced in displaying data to the views he was able to archive it, this makes him a good intern.
Progressive
Very Fast learner and a good team player while he was able to come up with the flows of the product he was first introduced to which was the SMS product.
Well implemented and completed by Edgar.
Edgar can indeed manage a high pressure environment and ensures to meet his deadlines.
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive
Stacey has started internship. She is passionate about coding and we are going to equip her with coding skills in the latest technologies.
Went to the field. Got a chance to interact with the public, negotiate with them and turn them to clients.
She is a confident lady
Juliet has shown a hunger for learning, a huge motivator factor in understanding the changing environment of Information Technology. She has been at the forefront, especially when a task is assigned to her. I will suggest more training on getting out of the skin (comfort zone). A prudent individual.
Networking both peer to peer and interconnection of laptops, desktops   and switches is a plug and play know due to good termination performance and configurations on WIFI  and two laptops home group.
Learnt new skills
Progressive
Progressive
The student has completed the installation and configuration of the Moodle system under my supervision.
Nickson can now install tally software on the computers among the staff members, also can disassemble and assemble the computer.
Nickson can configure and troubleshoot  a network connectivity using a modem, router and a switch.
Nickson used a straight through technique (RJ45 connector and CAT-6 cable) used in local area networks to connect a computer to a network hub such as a router.
Nickson is able to use Distributor management system (DMS) both through back office and hand held device(phone). 
Nickson is able to install the npengine.apk on the phone for the sales team.
He can also solve the problems arising from the field.
He is able to analyse data using the system inventory Vs Physical Inventory
He can use point of sale machine/visa .
Nickson can use Flitter wave to make money transaction.
Nickson is able to design a website , upload it, buy domain name and design the network structure using Cisco Packet Tracer.
Well done Ivan.
Herbert and his team are working hard in preparation for the next workshop on excel and coding with python and they have had meetings in regard to this. All tasks were accomplished.
Make use of the video tutorials to help master virtualization.
you are encouraged to continue researching about windows virtualization and access lists.
He tries his best to complete the task assigned to him despite the fact that he's been busy with school.
Only a few tasks are done but they're done well.
Rhoda has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her the very best.
Eve has successfully finished internship. She has acquired hands-on skills in networking, systems Admin, PC repair and software mantaince. She is now supposed to write end of internship report explaining in details all the new skills she has acquired. We wish her the very best.
Progressive
With this knowledge and skill in design and editing. He is a good marketer  in campaigning both local and international business  due to the art and science applied in the logos and banners designed. please it keep up .
Learnt Git
progressive
All tasks assigned to Herbert have been completed, to the organizations expectations. Well done.
Phillip has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
She has successfully coded a fully functional messaging app from scratch.
The student is committed to ensuring the activities assigned to him are completed and he performs independent research for solutions.
More practice needed to solidify your Hands-On skills,
kindly use the Virtualization Technologies available to assist you with this
the student showed that he had an understanding of web design and development. he is encouraged to continue researching about web design and development.
I am impressed by the web implementation of the dashboards and this is one of the milestones for the internship project
Initial implementation of data analysis code into the dashboards has been done and this is the final deliverable for this project from Nicholas. We shall continue to work on this after the internship to have fully developed dashboards
Keep on practicing.
Sharif has managed to do some work around the design of the analytics page but part of it has not been completed due to the tightness of school.
We've discussed arrangements to find time and finish this up.
He's also open to continue contributing whenever he gets time away from school which I believe will be good experience for him as well as the company.

It has been a good and learning experience working with Sharif.
The Students were walked through policies and procedures. Mr Lutalo was still phenomenon at comprehending the facts.
Joan has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Progressive
Progressive
Proggressive
Progressive
Progressive
commended for support provided
Herbert presented well during the excel workshop together with his team members. His active participation and contribution to the team efforts has been highly appreciated by his colleagues. Great work Herbert.
Progressive
Progressive
Showed passion for networking and was able to terminate his cable well.
Due to the less time ,they had and him being a 3rd year student, we had to multi-task in order to finish in time.
Progressive
He focused on the paper work design since didnt know well Html and CSS
Progressive
Progressive
The student has completed the theming of the Moodle system under my supervision. I happy to report to you that the student can now independently setup and customize the moodle system. Moodle is the system that is currently used by Makerere University for the University's eLearning.
Jovia has started internship at Stratcom. Since she is passionate about networking, we are  going to equip her with hands-on skills in networking and systems administration.
Jovia has successfully completed this week's tasks. She can now dismantle / assemble a PC, and perform basic configurations on layer 2 and 3 networking devices.
I encourage Jovia to use the available networking equipment at Stratcom for practice.
Jovia can now share resources on a LAN like printers, internet connection, and documents.
She can now set up a LAN with a number of PCs. I also encourage her to plan her movements a bit early to save on transport costs.
I encourage Jovia to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security. She is also supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the skills she has acquired.
Edwin is very pro-active, he managed to learn and execute all the tasks i assigned to him in one take.
keep researching and practicing.
Make use of video tutorials and nuggets to help you master NAT and other subject areas
The student has independently figured out what was blocking him completing the task. He has completed the task
Challenges noted and encouraged to service as many computers as possible
Very responsive and excellent, the features added were implemented.
Edgar has been a progressive student these past 2 months at the company, He has been very responsive to the above tasks and he has been able to complete them in the required time frames and deadlines expected. he is always eager to learn and always up to the task. I am delighted with the work he has done and hope to stay with him for the next phases of the recruitment.
Finished as assigned
With this task, She learnt how to find solutions on her. There was creative thinking as skill.
on this week, each team member took up duties and responsibilities assigned to them and performed well in that regard. yes, there were changes on the time difference in Canada and this delayed the start of our workshops  and as per the failure of the gather town as a tool for monitoring and smooth interaction between interns and students, interns resorted to uploading students assignments on a drive.
Simon has successfully completed this week's tasks. For some reason, he switched from coding to netwoking and he's doing well.
Simon has successfully completed this week's tasks. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
A successful week, everything was delivered on time.
More experience on the job will help him get comfortable working with third-party services and API's.
all tasks were performed to perfection
Stacey is doing well. She has completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
The tasks and activities were successfully completed with no further errors. The mentioned systems are working and in good condition.
To avoid injuries and other minor issues, I encourage Simon to be careful when working with PCs and networking equipment
Simon can now set up a network and also share resources on a LAN ( like printers, documents, internet connection..etc )  with ease.
Apart from power black outs, Simon has successfully completed this week's tasks.
I encourage Simon to perfect linux because it's a very good operating system in terms of security.
To avoid minor injuries, I encourage Simon to always be careful when dismantling desktops.
Simon has perfected Cisco IOS commands. He can now configure routing protocols on layer 3 devices with ease.
Do more research about linux systems.
Her learnability has been high when it came to understanding GIT and PHP skills
Matthew is advised to pay attention to details
undoubtedly, all these tasks mentioned were to be done and was done perfectly with relevant efforts put in place by Herbert and team members. coding was our last workshop and I'm proud of the team for seeing this through despite the challenges that were uncontrollable on our side.
you are encouraged to read more about windows servers
you are encouraged to keep practicing and reading more.
Challenges noted and will be addressed
the report was reviewed and guidance was provided.
Clarissa has started internship and she is doing well. We look forward to equipping her with hands-on skills in Networking and Systems Administration
Apart from one minor incident, Clarissa has successfully completed this week's tasks.
She come now interconnect and configure layer 2 & 3 devices with ease.
Clarissa has successfully completed this week's tasks. She can now set up a LAN with a number of end devices (PCs), and also share resources like printers, internet connection..etc on the network.
She has successfully completed this week's tasks.
Clarissa has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the skills she has acquired.
Been punctual, on time and selfless when it came to finishing her tasks.
Support for the active directory cleanup project is commended
Herbert learnt how to fully use the canva.com tools to start working on his workshop manuals. He has also collaborated with his colleagues to complete the activity reports, Bi-Weekly reports and the Final project reports. Once again thanks for the great work Herbert.
Herbert has successfully completed all the manuals for the workshops that he participated in. He has also completed his final internship report which was officially signed and stamped by me. All tasks that were assigned to him have been completed to our expectations. Herbert has been a wonderful intern and we appreciate his commitment to completing his internship and for being a good team member to his colleagues.
Sarah has successfully finished internship. She has acquired hands-on skills in networking, systems administration, PC repair and software maintenance. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
I encourage Kenneth to get used to debugging coding errors because it's part of coding.
Kenneth has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to use his newly acquired coding skills to solve a real world problem and present the solution to the field supervisor at Stratcom. He is also supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Identified challenges will be addressed during Matthew's session with the system Administrator in charge of active directory
Commended for support during Preventive Maintenance
Stacey has to get used to debugging coding errors since it's part of coding. She is also supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
He managed to always report on time, and get we taken through the entire company rules and regulations
This was done from Jinja at one of our techparks.
He performed really well on the server rack assembly.
The jituganda.com website was already up and running, all we needed was the maintenance and its completion
Nice work
Good Work!
He has done great work at writing documentation and making diagrams.
Completed all tasks that have been assigned to him.
Still punctual. He has a good project idea. He maintains demonstrating exceptional computer skills.
He is highly appreciated by his colleagues.
The attendance for this week has been made online.
He has continued to maintain a good working relationship with team members he was assigned too. Asks to learn and has been attentive during all the training.
IT Help desk managed well.
all pending tasks were accomplished by Edwin
all tasks were perfectly done by edwin
all tasks executed to perfection
all tasks were done by Edwin without supervision
all tasks were were excepptionally done
all tasks well done
Malcolm has successfully finished the first week of internship. I encourage him to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty.
Hamza has successfully completed the first week of internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Jeremiah has started internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence in Networking, Coding, PC repair & software maintenance for the next 6 weeks.
Progressive
Winnie has started internship and she is doing well. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills for the next 6 weeks.
Brian has started internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills for the next 6 weeks.
Richards has started internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Pius has successfully completed the first week of internship, and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks
Desire has started internship and she is doing well. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills for the next 6 weeks.
Despite a few challenges, especially transport costs, Keneth has managed to  complete the first week of internship. We wish him the very best.
Happy With The Progress but you need to improve problem solving skills and focus on thinking outside the box on  some solutions to simply  understand business logic better!!!! good Go Peter
Joanita has successfully finished the first week of internship. I encourage her to move with friends after training sessions.
Despite a few challenges, Powell has managed to complete the first week of internship.
VERY GOOD
Despite a few challenges, Levin has managed to complete the first week of internship. I encourage him to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty.
Sharifah has successfully completed the first week of internship without any challenges. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Ibrahim has started internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks. I encourage him to  buy his personal PC tool kit.
Despite a few challenges, Derick has managed to complete the first week of internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Bonny has managed to complete the first week of internship. I encourage him to get used to performing PC tests because that's what technicians do. He should also contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty.
Ahmed has started internship and  he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Michael has successfully completed the first week of internship. For practice purposes, I encourage him to buy a PC tool kit and to always contact the Trainer in case of any difficulty.
Very Good
introduced to website designing, 
inquisitive
Good Time Management Skills

She demonstrated goog computational ability.
She demonstrated great technical ability and she managed to completely recover data and as well remove computer windows login password
Mmiiro was extremely eager to learn and take on new challenges. 
He was very comfortable in speaking with the team over the zoom. However,
meeting face to face with our other team, he was a little hesitant at first until his
confidence was built up.
He also found a lot of challenges getting used to the Linux environment
Despite some challenges, Mark has managed to complete the first of internship. We wish him the very best.
Iffah has started internship and she is doing well so far. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Mark has started internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for  the next 6 weeks.
Yiga is already conversant with some machine learning models especially for computer vision. I asked him to re -implement a training pipeline for an image classification task. I was very impressed by how fast he has adopted the new technologies, especially using tensorflow on Google colab and he executed the task exceptionally. I believe due to his quick learning curve, we shall be able to accomplish alot over the next few weeks.
very Good
Samuel has successfully completed the first week of internship without any challenges. For the next 6 weeks, we are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Timothy has started internship and he is doing well. His sessions were interrupted because of power black outs in our area. Fortunately, we have a stand by generator.
Good time management.
Excellent knowledge in areas outside his major.
Despite transport costs, Philip has managed to complete the first week of internship. I encourage him to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Peter has successfully completed the first week of internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Great work Angela. The dedication being put into the tasks given is wonderful. Keep it up. 

Looking forward to this week's output
Great work Deborah. The dedication being put into the tasks given is wonderful. Keep it up. 

Looking forward to this week's output
Lukia has started internship and she is doing well. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Despite a few challenges, Resty has managed to complete the first week of internship. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills for the next 6 weeks.
Mercy has successfully completed the first week of internship. I encourage her to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficult concept.
The intern has actively worked to improve his technical skills in an area that presented a personal challenge, networking.
He is able to handle constructive criticism well and use it to improve where necessary.
The intern has been able to quickly create rapport with office colleagues and works well in a team.
Despite a few challenges, John has completed the first week of internship. I encourage him to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Great work Peter. The dedication being put into the tasks given is wonderful. Keep it up. 

Looking forward to this week's output
Muhammad has successfully completed the first week of internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Allan is agile, his commitment to IT work is promising and we are sure by the end of his internship he will be in a good shape professionally.
Priscilla is a hardworking person. Plus, she keeps time.
Edwin has successfully completed the first week of internship. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks. I encourage Edwin to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Since she reported this week, we started with the basics
Student has a positive attitude towards assigned tasks , she is well composed and has good interpersonal skills
#NAME?
Samuel has started internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills for the next 6 weeks.
No comment for the first week since we have not had any work related interactions, the onboarding has also not yet started.
Progressive
No comment for the first week since we have not had any work related interactions, the onboarding has also not yet started.
The intern was welcomed and taken through the Ministry's structure and functions of the department in which he is attached. The supervisor informed him of her expectations from the internship and also his expectations were received to inform the design of the training program / schedule.

The intern was tasked to read more about the Ministry and her Agencies to improve on his understanding of the sector and its role.

The Supervisor was to design and share the training schedule for the intern.
Aaron has started internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills for the next 6 weeks.
Angel has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
she Demonstrates “team player” behavior views individual success as imperative to Boosted Technologies' success.
Angel is Direct, straightforward, honest and polite.
She Looks for ways to streamline procedures to improve efficiency and work relations with in the company. 
Angel has Always asked questions and seeked guidance when not sure of what to do throughout the week. She has managed the intern emails well and updating the company's financial records. She is has an outstanding performance.
Polycarp has started internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Erina has started internship, and she is ready to acquire new skills. I encourage her to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty.
Yiga has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
Well done Cathy, we have shared with her about the system she will be developing and the functionalities, and as she has stated by the end of first week, I would login and even create batch and still see the batch created in the table.

we are moving on well basically
Eluk has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
-Knows how to use asana,
-He has not taken on any task
-He didn't pay attention to details
Yes, he is not a bad boy according to what i saw because he is serious in what he is doing he even wakes up early in the morning and he always be the first at the entrance, but am still observing him since it was the first week and he managed to help us because someone came from KUMUSOFT company and they taught him how to do intergration he learnt it well he is a fast learner according to what am seeing
Brian has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
#NAME?
Miss Nakityo noted down the challenges we faced during the zoom session and suggested possible solutions to the Online Presence Manager on how they can be over come.
Dickens has started internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
#NAME?
Elizabeth has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
He has shown amazing learning capability to implement the data analytics starter task this week. I am impressed as he did not have a background in using pandas and matplotlib which were the 2 key packages for accomplishing the task. This should help him get an idea of some of the kind of work typically done at this research lab.
Paula has started internship and she is doing well. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills and practical competence.
The progress is impressive.
Noel Was able to complete the introductory concepts in regards to the Framework being used (Angular)
Whitney has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
Very good
good progress, we decided to first go slow as she understands the foundational principles. She is copying on well.
Self-appointed as supervisor.
An active contributor and loves collaborating
Keep all tasks organized in asana.
Titus has successfully completed the first week of internship with out any challenges. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Catherine has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
Gloria has successfully finished the first week of internship without any challenges. She is doing well.
#NAME?
Francis has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Despite a few challenges, Owen has managed to complete the first week of internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Vivian has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
Precious has successfully completed the first week of internship with out any challenges. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Udoh has started internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next  6 weeks.
Innocent has started internship. I encourage him to get used to the distance since internship is only for 6 weeks.
Ambrozio has successfully completed the first week of internship. we are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks. For practice purposes, I encourage him to buy his own PC tool kit.
Good environment setup for development
Appointed as Team Leader for Software Development.
He is a distinguished software developer.
He loves coding and keeps time, and performs any other duty without supervision.
Anna has successfully completed the first week of internship with out any challenges, and she is doing well. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Jacintah has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff. 
For internet, may be it is limited but not poor. We have a good internet connection in Uganda.
Very Good
The first,  He was given some books to research about different CCTV camera installation.
#NAME?
Moreen has successfully completed the first week of internship with out any challenges, and she is doing well. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks. I encourage her to buy her own PC tool kit.
Good progress,got no hardships introducing her to the the language
Innocent has started internship and he is doing well.  We are going to equip him with hands-on skills in Networking & Systems Administration, Coding and PC repair / software maintenance.
This was a blended individual and team activity and the personal demonstrated good performance at achieving tasks in a timely manner.
Pays good attention during training sessions,
Sharp and learns faster,
Manages time well,
Dressing code is very good.
this was an introductory week for the student to understand the organizational setup
Appointed as Team Leader for Mobile Application Development.
He is committed and dedicated to work.
He loves fixing bugs.
Jesca has been an engaging intern.. Follows instructions.
David is already well vast with the basics of python and I tasked him right away to conduct some analysis with pandas. I am impressed and satisfied with the submissions made with the data exploration task and look forward to working with him over the next few weeks.
Keeps time and active staff in Web Development Team
Open to learning new concepts in emerging technologies.
Surprisingly she accomplished so much in a short period of time
Hans has successfully completed the first week of internship, and he is doing well.  We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks. To become a better PC technician, I encourage him to buy his own PC tool kit.
#NAME?
Martin is has been collaborative throughout this week. 
Has kept maintained a regular routine 
However, it was observed he personally didnt have much more skills required to get works done in the programing / technology stacks that we assume so common on the market ie PHP and Javascript programing.
Ronald has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
Reginah has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
Despite the distance to Stratcom, Duncan has managed to finish the first of week of internship. We wish him the very best.
Gilbert has consistently arrives to work on time in the first week of orientation.
Has Maintained good working relationships with fellow interns and staff.
Graceous has successfully completed the first week of internship. I encourage her to always contact the Trainer incase of any challenges.
Despite power black outs in our area, Francis has managed to complete the first of week of internship. Fortunately, we have a stand by generator. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Despite a few challenges, Givious has managed to complete the first week of internship. I encourage him to get used to the distance because internship is only for 6 weeks.
Orientation done smoothly. Brian has been introduced formally to what actually occurs in a network operating center.
he is been good in every session
Time management is excellent, 
Active and complete assignments on time,
Pays attention during sessions and an active participant (Not quiet and dormant).
He found things strange but well, he didn't hesitate to take them on.
Shamimuh has successfully completed the first week of internship. We are going to equip her with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Venensio has successfully completed the first of week of internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
He is an engaging Man.
Collaborative and goal oriented.
He was introduced to the organisation,  oriented and introduced to website designing
Alvin has started internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills in Networking & Systems Administration, PC repair and Software maintenance, and Coding.
Tonney has been compliant with the first week.
George has successfully completed the first  week of internship. I encourage him to maximize the time at Stratcom to perfect all the practical concepts.
introduced to website designing and database management
Despite a few challenges, Christopher has managed to complete the first week of internship. I encourage him to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty. I also encourage him to practice Cisco IOS  basic commands using simulators.
Appointed as Team Leader for Web Development.
Active in Advanced web development.
Follows up on the upcoming task in Asana.
Appointed as Team Leader for Data Science.
Active in Advanced web development and Data Science
He is perfect for skype communication and keeps time.
Jovan has started internship and he is doing well. I encourage him to find a way of memorizing the color standards for ethernet cables. (cross over and straight through)
He completed all tasks,created a good responsive clean code
Bhan has started internship. For practice purposes, I  encourage him to buy his own PC tool kit.
Committed to work and logins on time.
He has a clear goal for a given task and completes work on time
Aber Vanessa is doing well as an intern at Techademics Uganda Ltd. She has understood most of the practical skills taught. Hope she will do better in the second week of internship.
Very Good
Committed to software development and has experience in Laravel.
He keeps time and an active collaborator 
Pays attention to details.
Fantastic progress.
Benedict has successfully completed the first week of internship. I encourage him not to compare himself with other interns, but to concentrate and focus on improving his hands-on skills.
I commend his regular attendance, attention to instructions and his ability to think and come up with ideas that other team members base on to tackle their tasks allocated.
However, the technology stacks used at Boosted are completely new to him and it is observed that he had little programing knowledge limited to C and of which C for class. However, he is good at trying and practicing. Engaging him more to hands on with other teams shall be of good benefit and later on he shall be productive to the company as expected. He will have to deliver.
Very Good
In this week start of his internship, he was punctual and proved attentive and interested in software issues.
He even cracks software jokes. That was amazing for other team members at Boosted.
The internship had not yet kicked off.
Communicates well with colleagues
Adapts easily to new technologies (Asana)
Keeps time
He's understanding the practical part.
This was the beginning of her intership, we spent this week orienting her and letting her get used to our work environment. However, she was so promising and took initiative to get to know things.
He joined with long hair. It was hard to differentiate him from other Bwaise people.
However was advised to make him. self neat next week and decent.
I'm really happy with your determination to finish these tasks of setting up the environment and application deployment on UAT as well. I know it wasn't easy for the first time, but I knew you could do it. Your helpful attitude makes it clear that you can continue to take on new challenges and grow in the profession . Thank you for your extra effort.
Wafula Emmanuel successively led a group of students through  PC hardware and components under my supervision.
She has been an engaging intern.
In the first week, she has exhibited team cheering skills.
Her presence in her teams add some more life.
He reported on Time and attended the Orientation and Induction Training.
Halimah has been oriented and given the first set of tasks which involves EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis) with pandas. I look forward to working with her
#NAME?
The report developed by the student was a very good start. He showed good potential in research through the wide-array of information he managed to acquire from desk review of available online and hard copy documents. The next step is to analyze the findings from his research on the broadband policy. This will enable him appreciate the interventions being undertaken to help solve problems facing communications in our country.  
The aim of this week's tasks is to understand the framework within which the use of computers operate and also get appraised on regulatory tools and frameworks for communications in the industry.
The student was a quick learner and was able to jump in very quickly. He showed a
lot of imitative in wanting to learn and competed all of the tasks we gave him in a
timely manner.
First week of her internship, she has been an engaging team member
Student is punctual and follows instructions.
Set development/testing environment for the web-application.
User module of the Legal Management system completed.
Interested in learning more about development.
introduced to the organisation and website designing
This week start, Jonah has been responsive to company calls. I expect all to be better the coming week.
Natasha has completed the python starter course to get familiar with the programming language. This is critical for her to accomplish the tasks moving forward
We dont work with groups Here.
We work with teams
Showed high levels of ingenuity and willingness to learn this week
Swaib has successfully completed the first week of internship. I encourage him to move with friends after training sessions.
#NAME?
Alex is doing well at Techademics Uganda Ltd. He has understood most of the practical skills we have taught this week. We hope he will do better next week.
Impressive. He's doing well here at Techademics Uganda Ltd
He proves teachable.
Not only hard working but also focused.
For the first week, Emmanuel was introduced to the Baylor-Uganda staff for easy interactions. He has provided IT Support as well as updating the IT Assets Inventory. As he gets familiar with the environment, we shall assign him more tasks especially in systems development as well as end user support.
The session was good and we had a good interaction with the students.
Isaac was able to complete the introductory concepts in regards to the Framework being used (Angular)
He was engaging throughout this week.
He has been compliant throughout the week.
he proved biased with the software development.
Progressive ,since it was also his first week.
Christine has successfully completed the first week of internship with out any challenges, and she is doing well. I encourage her to get used to the routine since internship is only for 6 weeks.
Always absent.
Not compliant
Agnes has started internship, and she is doing well. I encourage her to plan her movements a bit early so that she can spend less on transport.
Very Good
Introduction and conduct with team mates so far good
started off with website development
hardware integration repair and maintenance to be done alongside webdevelopment
Maria has started internship.  Apart from transport costs, she is doing well and ready to acquire new skills.
He is hard working and tasks were done to satisfaction
Tasks were successfully completed and without any big challenge.
He is a good team player
He is very active and eager to learn.
Peter has successfully completed the first week of internship without any challenges. We are going to equip her with  hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Reagan has successfully completed the first week of internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Orientation week and introductions of the team to the ICT Environment
Ms. Rashidah Magezi Tumukunde is a new inter-student who joined our ICT- Department on 6th June 2022. She is a social character that has shown interest in Learning the work environment. We encourage her to ask as many questions that she finds fit.We look forward to week 2 of her internship.
Very Good
Hellen exibited great people skills in her first week and is adapting well to the evnironment
Mariam's progress has been good so far and she is willing to learn, regarding that she is a programming background and now has to deal with issues of Systems Administration, being the Department she has been assigned is a Service Delivery Department
All the tasks were well excuted
Junior has successfully completed the first week of internship without any challenges. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Willing and committed to work and learn
He was engaging through this week.
A promising student because he enjoys learning and he likes to discover new ideas
Jovan is very organised and grasps system easily. He is showing a lot of imitative in wanting to learn and completes all tasks given to him in a timely manner.
This was an introductory week to help the intern be familiarized with the organizational setting.
Always attends on time,  started in website designing
The student was exposed to the service management aspect of IT and how different it is from infrastructure
Look at More Of The Latest UI frameworks like Tailwind and understand how their blueprints work perhaps so far so good.
this was an introductory week to help the intern understand the organizational  setup, how different departments support each to deliver IT services to the citizens
Olivia has been able to work and complete on all assignments she had this work
Mutooro is a quick learner and his adaptability to new technologies has been good throughout this week.
He has his output well calculated regardless of the new development environment.
I am satisfied with the submissions this week, especially the visualizations that help to complement the statistical analysis. These skills are critical in learning how to handle data.
Always willing to learn new skills and practice.

Surveyed the Network of WEB INFO-NET (U) LTD and Terminated the Straight through and cross-over cable.
Very Good  code of Conduct
Challenged by the Laptop
Racheal takes the initiative and gets out of her way to show excellence in her learning and assignments, and invests more time in learning.
Obedient young man, enthusiastic, and capable.
Eager to learn and develop computing skill
Highly attentive student with great attention to details
He managed to recover data from a desktop computer.
Demonstrated good analytical thinking ability.
Well-mannered and good code of conduct.
Good Time management skills.
Managed to recover deleted data from the computer
Active and good listening skills.
He successfully conducted structured cabling and terminated the patch panel.,
Good Attention to detail and Computer Networking Knowledge.
Reported on Time
This week, I observed Andrew was eager to learn and quick to do what was expected of him. I am hoping it stays that way.
Student was introduced to the System to be developed.
Ms. Nakityo recorded down the challenges we faced in the zoom sessions and put forward solutions to overcome them.
The student was extremely eager to learn and take on new challenges.
Shadia has started internship and she is doing well. I encourage her to plan her movements a bit early so that she can spend less on transport.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on the local server
The intern was taken through the structure and functions of the Ministry at large and specific functions of the department of ICT Research and Development the department which Lorna Mbeiza is attached to.  

The was added to the Ministry team working on the redesign of the Ministry Website. This is to allow her learn the programming languages used by government in the design of systems, allow her link theory to practice and also learn project management skills; analysis of information systems and finally team work. This project is expected to be completed in one month so the intern will be working with the team for one month alongside other tasks / training.

The intern was also given  a brief of the ICT policies and laws which need to be referred to when developing systems for the users. The Policies have guidelines which need to be put into consideration by all ICT practitioners.

The intern was also taken through the systems used at the Ministry for service delivery and information management. This was to give her a clear picture of what is expected of a system in terms of functionality and system security.
The Android application development was not part of his tasks though. He was advised to make more reading and engagement with PHP and MySQL programming as it seemed so strange on introducing it to him.
He is willing to learn and add on his skills.
Patricia expressed interest to learn what she does not know and finished tasks as requested.
The student shows great initiative in developing the tasks given to him by the company. All artifacts produced by Peter in the DAX eCommerce platform Requirements Gathering have been very impressive and helpful. He is an excellent student and quick learner.
Good UI
Emmanuel is willing to learn and add on his skills. He has expressed interest in data science through doing self tests on different datasets. We look forward to working with him on our Data manipulation system.
She quickly adopted to the work environment. 
Her assignment to setup a coding environment on her computer was successfully done.
Receptive and eager to acquire knowledge and develop skills
The student shows great initiative in developing the tasks given to her by the company. All artifacts produced by Debrah in the DAX eCommerce platform Requirements Gathering have been very impressive and helpful. She is an excellent student and quick learner.
Angella has managed to demonstrate managerial roles beside the too much code she has.
She is a regular and punctual staff, smart and collaborative.
She works as a server administrator with one of our servers, manages emails and makes sure no site's SSL expires. She has done that work so well
Able to catch up faster with website designing
Samuel has exhibited team leading skills, He follows up tasks and makes sure all his team and subordinate teams are delivering.
besides work, he is an entertaining person.
I observe, everyone one wants to be on his team.
Attempts tasks,  eager to learn
We discussed tasks and goals for the next 4 weeks; break down for each week and deadlines, mid week review with myself or colleague to ensure that you are on track; we had a demo session. The need to expedite, to allow time to review and update.
The student shows great initiative in developing the tasks given to her by the company. All artifacts produced by Angella in the DAX eCommerce platform Requirements Gathering have been very impressive and helpful. She is an excellent student and quick learner.
Bridget is hardworking and serious about her assignments. And whatever she doesn't understand she asks which is a very good attribute in the IT field and the world of work.
All good so far, the onboarding is going great. Looking forward to some great contributions in the coming weeks of this internship period.
Sonia is progressive and tries to accomplish tasks assigned on time with consultations.
she is adopting to the working environment.
All good so far, the onboarding is going great. Looking forward to some great contributions in the coming weeks.
#NAME?
He has shown good self-drive to go beyond the tasks he was given. I was particularly impressed with the attempt to implement a time series model with the dataset he was given. Mubaraka has also shown amazing team work as this was a team task which required every individual to accomplish a certain component. At this point, it is clear that he has a good technical acumen and should be able to grasp the upcoming machine learning tasks easily.
Was advancing but  we had reduction in the pace due to having both internship and studies at the same time .
#NAME?
Ahmed has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
The learning has been alot this week.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
He has proved engaging while working remotely
Takes responsibility of his mistakes and wants to see progress in projects assigned to him.
It's a pleasure to work with Mutoni. She's very passionate and wants to learn.
-The system is now about 30% complete
- She has presented to us and in these two weeks some great work has been done
- We plan to host the incomplete system next week as she mentioned, so that other employees get familiar with it.
Good Progress Cathy keep
Computer Networking is important for  the well functionality of systems and efficiency of work in office. All engineers at office (Ministry of ICT) must be able to troubleshoot and solve network problems when/if they occur. Kenneth was able to configure simple networks through packet tracer software and write a detailed report on the assignment successfully.
He has completed all the tasks assigned to him this week. I was specifically impressed by how much he covered in his reading about the Open CV library. This is important to build and strengthen his theoretical concepts as of now he has mainly been making practical implementations. Overall I am impressed and satisfied with what has been done this week,
He has been punctual and takes responsibility for his actions.
He was introduced to server programming technologies that shall be essential in tackling the companies tasks
Iffah has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
Mackson was a delightful young man and extremely eager to learn and take on new challenges.
We don't group but rather team up. It is just that these people are used to class groups.
Elizabeth happens to be one of the most compliant and engaging volunteering staff we have.
Time management is good, Communication is overrated and creativity is beyond description from a student.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
I encourage Jonathan to always follow the time table so that he can complete all practical tasks in time.
He is a logical thinker. This has been studied through his approach to the coding challenges at the work place.
The student is inqusitive and commited to learn. he also tries to blend between the knowledge from class and its applicability in the practical world.
PHP and Javascript was a new technology to him.
Above that, he found trouble in installing the server technologies to get started with the roadmapped activities.
This means, he has to put in more time to research and read so as to keep up with pace
Good Team Player
Just that they are used to class Groups, at Boosted, I have always reminded them that we work in teams not groups.
In this week, in His team, he was introduced to Boosted PHP Library.. May be that is the frame work he meant
So far impressed with his willingness to learn and adopt to new working conditions.
Good time keeper and learns concepts quickly.
Needs to learn and research more on voice communication protocols.
Timothy has successfully completed this week's tasks.
She has been flexible in accomodating company's dev stacks.
Loves learning.
However, she seems so occupied with deadlines and that might affect are response to delivery deadlines.
Above that, she had no coding knowledge in php and javascript languages which are the minimal development stacks at Boosted Technologies
She has been punctual throughout the week
However, technology stacks used at Boosted are so new and complex to her
Division into teams was not a task in this case neither an activity that required his participation. 
In this case the new technologies should be Boosted PHP Library the in house PHP Library the company uses.
They were divided into teams. However, this week, she was supposed to install the IDE for the server ie Nginx server, PHP, Redis, GIT, MySQL
IT devices / equipment are very expensive. I encourage Winnie to use the available tools / equipment at Stratcom for practice.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
I encourage Resty to contact the Repair and mantaiance Trainer incase of any challenge.
Good customer service portrayed
The code challenges are not part of the company's activities in this case.
But braining warming engagements to prepare them to work on relatively more logical challenges.
Ibrahim has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
She's doing well.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on the local server
She finished this quite fast, she is a very serious Lady
Dauglas has a good understanding of what is required to work on a project and I like the fact that he takes the time to research before presenting an idea or asking for assistance. The first week was about developing a plan on how we will create an API and each of the students was given parts of the project to lead. he will be in charge of the Database Design and will lead all meetings about it.
We don't group people but instead team them up.
Coding challenges weren't a go over to him.
Davis managed to design the user interfaces for the business to business application and we are look forward to seeing him implement the interfaces using flutter
Lukia has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
I encourage Moreen to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty. She can also make use of the internet to perfect some concepts.
He is willing to learn and add on his skills. He has managed to implement the front-end for the data manipulation system as well as the front-end for Login, Sign-up and home page for the business to business flutter application.
Reagan is doing well. He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
Mercy has successfully completed this week's tasks.
She is a fast learner and highly adaptable nice work
Good Team Player
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
She was blank with the programing languages we use. 
It happened to have given her alot of difficulties but well, coming weeks, we arrange to make things clear to her so she can be well productive.
The Language stacks include PHP and Javascript that are a must be known by all our IT team on development teams.
Student completed the abovementioned tasks as mentioned above to satisfaction.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on the local server
Very Good
She has faced challenges with Smarty, Virtual host creations and other basic technology stacks here.
However, we take them through training so that they can be able to deliver.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
Despite a few challenges, Joan has successfully completed this week's tasks.
The heroes day was an optional day. He had to choose either to attend work or stay at home.
Desire is doing well. I encourage her to use internet at Stratcom when filling her weekly reports.
#NAME?
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
IT equipment and tools are a bit expensive. I encourage Brian to use the tools at Stratcom to improve on his skills.
Good progress. He will do better
Allan is confidently making things happen. We are impressed.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on the local server
Brian acquired some knowledge of government broadband interventions and acquired insight into the current status of broadband implementation. He was tasked to analyze the voip network of the Ministry for next week. He has also become familiar with the computer misuse act.
The intern was tasked to join the Ministry team working on the redesign of the Ministry Website. This is to allow him learn the programming languages used by government in the design of systems, allow him link theory to practice and also learn project management skills; analysis of information systems and finally team work. This project is expected to be completed in one month so the intern will be working with the team for one month alongside other tasks / training.

The intern was also given  a brief of the ICT policies and laws which need to be referred to when developing systems for the users. The Policies have guidelines which need to be put into consideration by all ICT practitioners.

The interns were also taken through the systems used at the Ministry for service delivery and information management. This was to give them a clear picture of what is expected of a system in terms of functionality and system security.
I encourage him to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Innocent has successfully completed this week's tasks.
I encourage Mark to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Manasseh managed to design the user interfaces for the business to business application and we are look forward to seeing him implement the interfaces using flutter
Samuel is doing well. He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
I encourage John to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport
The tasks for this week which involved plotting data visualizations to complement insights from the exploratory data analysis has been completed successfully. I also liked the preliminary data cleaning that was done to complement the EDA.
Very obesrvant and pays attention to details,
Shows up on time always,
Loves exploration and passionate to learn.
I encourage Bhan to use the time at Stratcom to perfect his skills.
I encourage Samuel to plan his movements a bit early so that he doesn't miss any practical sessions.
She lacked the basic coding knowledge in PHP and Javascript to get started on tasks.
Venensio ha successfully completed this week's tasks.
A little intimidated by what is needed to accomplish the goal of the internship period but I believe she has the potential to make it. The first week was about developing a plan on how we will create an API and each of the students was given parts of the project to lead.
She has been able to blend in fast with the team and hit the ground running. She has been able to scale and catch up and work with both the business and development side of the team. Our expectations for the week have been met by her.
Good student. Impressed by the progress.
Completed;
                Internship Orientation 
                De-assembling and assembling of Desktop computers
                 Hardware maintainance and repair 
                 Software Installations
The student demonstrated good practical skills and knowledge
Good student. Impressed by the progress.
He is willing to learn and add on his skills. Progressing well on the project.
She created a good responsive app,good UI
Nicholas has successfully completed the first week of internship. I encourage him to get used to the schedule since internship is only for 6 weeks.
Joseph has completed all the current tasks assigned to him, Additionally he is further researching about the completed tasks
He has so far caught up with everything he is introduced to and he tries to deliver work in a scheduled time frame 
He likes to learn even when working under tough conditions 
His weakness is keeping silent about what is not well with him academically and socially
Nicholas has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
Continued learning Angular framework with practical scenarios allocated
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
I encourage Alvin to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
William is willing to learn and add on his skills. He has expressed interest in data science through doing self tests on different datasets. We look forward to working with him on our Data manipulation system.
In order to perfect Cisco IOS commands, I encourage Malcom to use simulation software called packet tracer before interacting with physical devices.
Good start, showing ability to settle into the new environment
Working with APIs and API testing
This weeks assignments seemed difficult as all seemed new to him.
David managed to design the user interfaces for the business to business application and we are look forward to seeing him implement the interfaces using flutter. He is as well trying his best to fully learn flutter for mobile app development.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
Completed;
                Internship Orientation 
                De-assembling and assembling of Desktop computers
                 Hardware maintainance and repair 
                 Software Installations
I encourage Samuel to always contact the Lead Trainer incase of any challenges  or new concepts that are a bit difficult
He is a committed student and puts in his efforts to accomplish the assigned jobs.
All tasks assigned to the intern in the curse of the week have been completed successfully. The intern demonstrated good problem solving skills and ability to research alternative ways of executing tasks.
Do more practice and try out many other CSS rules to help build your creativity.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
Was introduced to the organisation and the program to take on that is website designing and database management with MySQL
She has been punctual throughout this week. 
Vivian is engaging and flexible to changing conditions.
Rodney needs to pay more attention to details when it comes to understanding tasks and execute them in a more creative way. He proved to love software development but he if not introduced to something new, he cannot take the step to think about something beyond what he knows.
He is willing to learn and add on his skills. Progressing well on the project.
I encourage Michael to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle the semester load and internship training with ease.
I encourage Keneth to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Good team player and coordinative,
Can adopt to situations quickly,
He is always updated in current trends.
Coding challenges were a indeed a challenge. She loves coding but doesnt give it time.
Critical thinking aint an attribute on her so she finds almost everything hard to solve.
the above objectives were achieved
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
She had desire to learn new technologies and always attentive.
Not to make a premature judgement, Jesca must be a good listener as he has proved producing results as required via communications.
Good progress.
Pays attention to details and sharp in noticing errors,
Good time manager,
His communication and social aspects of life is very perfect,
Ask questions as soon as possible.
very good
Tugume Hastings seems to be a very first learner. He's very confident with himself. He has zeal to his ultimate goal in acquiring more and more knowledge in this practical field. I will continue supporting him in all ways possible.
She is an engaging person.
Attentive and Humble. 
He has been assigned managerial roles on the company's official GIT HUB account since she proved reliable.
Her communication is outstanding
She is showing a high level of discipline through being punctual and accomplishing tasks on time. She is also very inquisitive and eager to learn
He demonstrated good knowledge of Computer Networking and managed to terminate both Straight through and cross-over cables.
I encourage Ambrozio to use the available tools / equipment to perfect his skills.
He was good at asking were necessary thus he did an excellent job.
He excelled in terminating cat 6E cable used for installing ip camera
Successively completed the tasks.
The intern was introduced to the structure and functions of the Ministry at large and specific functions of the department of ICT Research and Development the department which she is attached to.  

The intern was tasked to join the Ministry team working on the redesign of the Ministry Website. This is to allow her learn the programming languages used by government in the design of systems, allow her link theory to practice and also learn project management skills; analysis of information systems and finally team work. This project is expected to be completed in one month so the intern will be working with the team for one month alongside other tasks / training.

The intern was also given  a brief of the ICT policies and laws which need to be referred to when developing systems for the users. The Policies have guidelines which need to be put into consideration by all ICT practitioners.

The intern was also taken through the systems used at the Ministry for service delivery and information management. This was to give her a clear picture of what is expected of a system in terms of functionality and system security.
I encourage Givious to use available tools and equipment  (Routers, Switches, PCs) to perfect his skills.
He is willing to learn and add on his skills. Progressing well on the project.
The student did an excellent job with revamping the website. He followed instructions as designated in the design document. The team is impressed that he is able to make changes as requested from the other sections of the organization.
quick learner and eager to learn website designing
he was slow in finishing installation. The installations were supposed to take maximum of two days but then a week response time.
We took him with his teammates through our PHP Libraries and had some engaging coding challenges with them.
#NAME?
So far sooo good, she is a timekeeper with a lot of willingness to learn. She has been a good team player while handling Hardware dissembling and assembling of computers.
Richards has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
Peter has successfully completed the first week of internship without any challenges. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence for the next 6 weeks.
Joshua has managed to start internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills and practical competence.
Peter has successfully completed this week's tasks without any major challenges.
Good Ui IMPLEMENTED
Worked on functional websites
Able to catch up with website designing,  punctual
Keeps time and always ready to learn, shows great initiative.
I encourage him to use the time at Stratcom to improve on his  computing skills.
Precious has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
Paul, your work looks great, It's clear that you care about your work and take the time to do it correctly without having lot's of back and forth. However I urge you to finish up testing the application features because you have Q.A tasks to do for the Uganda team patches.
Ms.Rashidah is steadily gaining ground with the work environment vs theory learnt in class. I encourage her to continue doing some desk research whenever she faces professional related challenges.
The student was able to participate and his efforts well appreciated
Next week's task in this case is not part of company's business tasks but rather brain engaging task. We do code challenges as part of our physical engagements before our staff and intern trainees start of with that day's arrangements.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on the local server
Natasha has managed to learn the basics of data exploration with pandas, which is an important library for data scientists using python. She has been able to demonstrate the basics functions for exploring the data through the assignment she was given. She has also shown an ability to work in groups as this was a team assignment
It was rilly hectic for us to understand everything but BESIGYE RONALD tried alot to configure the computers to connect to each other he helped us alot he took like 2 hours trying his best at the end everything worked 
we have no problem with him so far he is a hardworking person he loves what he does
He has helped with editing content and organizing it on the website. There has also been general preventive maintenance for all i.t equipment in the corporation and he was part of the team that completed it successfully.
Well engaging.
Etoma is a humble person, inquisitive and challenging.
Tasks were completed
I have only managed to see him once this week. He had some issues at home.
-Successfully set up R and R Studio environment
-Installed R packages 
-Worked on atara legacy home page
-Deployed Banker application on local server
Great progress
Dickens has completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
Great
Great progress
Challenged by resuming of school since time tables were colliding with session at the internship.
Embraced new tasks with commitment and displayed willingness to learn
Grace is extremely eager to learn and take on new challenges, he is meticulous and confident in his work.
She has managed to complete all the EDA assignments given to her last week. I have also given her hints on how to improve the visualizations. But overall I am satisfied with her submission especially given that this is the first time she has worked with pandas.
Terry has portrayed a character that is goal-oriented towards the tasks that have been placed before him. I thinks its great!
He has performed well through out this fist week with us
he is a good and relating theory to practicals
Mariam is willing to learn new things as she continues with her internship
Fitting and adapting well in the working enviroment. Very dedicated on duty
Meeting was successful, but Miiro you need to get a better internet connection
There is a genuine ambition to improve which is admirable and he is willing to go the extra mile which is something all people in this field need to survive.
Up to speed with the configuration of the IP phones.
Great teamwork.
Student completed the assignments handed to and submitted the report on information about the Ministry mandate, vision, objectives and systems that the online Ministry administers.
Maria is adaptive and eager to learn
Tasks were done successfully and no major challenges faced
Good Start
Good Progress
Miiro needs to learn more about Git and Github and developer tools
introduced to the organisation,  website designing and MySQL database management
Worked on first functional websites
I liked the fact that you have been doing some self learn so it was all about doing a little polishing and attending to some inquiries.
Getting started to make environment ready
This week was aimed at enriching Jolly with the major governing processes, standards and policies  within the bank and specific to Risk Management as a department.
She was also assigned a desktop to which she was tasked with setting up the hardware and working with IT to ensure she had a right software installed. A task she performed diligently.
The tasks were accomplished in time, which was good progress for the start
With time he's trying to catch up with what is being trained
Embraced activities with positivity and willingness to learn
Being counted on and well-received by colleagues and management
Help create inclusive environment where colleagues can always fully participate
Student was introduced to learn new frameworks for development
successfully worked with the service desk to manage the clients' request
Allan has made a tremendous improvement dealing with Customers. We are grateful.
Good Time Management and good attitude towards the assigned tasks.
Eager to work which is the desired quality. He is good at expressing himself.
Good integration with the team shown. The quantity of work done meets the expectations at this stage. Attended all team meetings and made appropriate contributions where necessary.
The report I got from the facilitator for this week's activities was that Racheal was the most outstanding student in executing tasks, assignments, and overall participation.
Very Good attention to details
Grace Kikomeko is courteous, well-mannered, polite and has strong rapport with those he interacts with.
Andrew got some challenges with installing some software on his computer due to compatibility issues, but his persistence to make things work was outstanding. He had such a very good attitude towards learning and being corrected.
All went well, corporation was great.
Mackson was very interested in learning mobile app programming and I am happy that you did learn and give your all.
Olivia is steadily working on the assignments that have been assigned to her
Slightly difficult week because we were learning very new stuff but good job Kirya for pushing through and learning as much.
Maria is willing to learn and has demonstrated very good skill
learns faster
Since it was the first week ,we began with orientation and took him through our expectations as an organization inorder to have foresight about the whole period of internship, we began this very week with hardware maintenance and repair.
Progressive technically but had social challanges.
introduced to website designing
introduced to website designing
-Successfully loaded the Excel file and convert it to CSV. 
-Able to set working directory in R and plot graphs
able to work with functional websites
able to understand website designing
Joseph is progressing well and he is inquisitive to learn and to tries to blend hi theoretical knowledge with the practical knowledge in the field
The Ministry is currently rolling out the Parish Development Management Information System (PDMIS) countrywide. Lorna was given an opportunity to assist with the data migration of the administrative units into the system as one way of interacting with a live system and supporting the implementing team in the field. She got an opportunity to navigate the system as well as she validated some data that was assigned to her to work with. 

According to the training plan at the Ministry, the interns are always introduced to concepts before they get the actual training or hands on because some concepts turn out to be new to them and need introduction first. Like cabling and networking. These will be done practically as time goes on.
#NAME?
inqusitive learner,  hosted websites
Always willing to learn new skills and knowledge
Managed to configure LAN and wireless Router on a Cisco LinkSys.
Critical and analytical thinking ain't part of him.
He understands more straight forward tasks as compared to those that require thinking.
The assignment of teams was aiming at improving collaboration and giving each person ability to interact with an activity.
Mutooro is reported by his team leader as a team cheerleader. He has made there work so engaging and
He designed the word challenge software in Javascript
https://practice.boostedtechs.com/word_search/
His approach to the problem is convincing
Having introduced him to a new technologies, He has been so flexible and adaptive.
Samuel is teachable and ofcourse good to work with.
Even with limited supervision, Kenneth is committed, practical and makes suggestions on ways forward to solve a problem.
She has competently been able to grasp the concepts and practical parts of Computer networking and Website Development. I believe from today she will do better in those fields.
He has collaboratively worked with his team well.
So engaging and teachable.
His soft skills continue to be amazing, especially communication. Very positive with a heart fully in the work. Was able to properly appreciate the deployment process of the mobile application to the respective target environments.
Besides the SRS assignments, I was pleased to give her another task for reasons, she makes research, loves discovering and seeing things work.
She is a team leader and under a team at the same time.
Completed:

General IT support knowledge (Troubleshooting of IT related problems such as network failure, computer malfunction, slowness of the computer, etc)
Operating System installation specifically windows 10 pro on computers
Creation of different accounts on a windows computer and how to change the account type
Setting up Account passwords
Installation of different softwares (Microsoft office, firefox, adobe, etc....)
Joel's engagement is rated fair as for now.
able to work on cpanels to host websites
Jonathan has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
The Staff remuneration module in this context is a module to be integrated with the Smart School Automated software to track and manage staff remuneration in the school
He was there for in his team tasked to come up with SRS for such module in a school setting.
Gilbert is engaging, good listener and has respect for his fellow team
Completed:

General IT support knowledge (Troubleshooting of IT related problems such as network failure, computer malfunction, slowness of the computer, etc)
Operating System installation specifically windows 10 pro on computers
Creation of different accounts on a windows computer and how to change the account type
Setting up Account passwords
Installation of different softwares (Microsoft office, firefox, adobe, etc....)
ICT inventory management, that is documentation
From his team leader, he was collaborative through coming up with the SRS for their disciplinary module
From his compliance, there is a direct indication that the semester is too much for him.
he has tried meeting deadlines but in vain.
William has managed to implement the front-end for the data manipulation system. Try your best to learn Django within the minimum possible time so as to start on the back-end of the data manipulation system.
Miss Nakityo was able to finish working on the student's design interface of the quiz app.
He is progressing well with the Internship project and attempting the weekly assignments.
The intern is learning as she is implements, a lot of what she is doing seems new so the coverage in information in application development in school may be insufficient
it seemed like all things were new to him in this case.
About the problems / challenges, they are more engaged. Lists have always been made available for each to peruse through. The company has a whatsap group where contacts are and team leaders always had to engage all team members. May be i can attribute that to being an excuse. He didn't at any time ask for his team members
This week Innocent has been shifted to start working on an NLP (Natural Language Processing) task which involves preparation of data for topic modeling. I was impressed by the insights drawn from the EDA on the comment data and especially the word cloud to visualize the most common topics.
very good
he was supposed to come up with the UX and UI specifications and designs, but he was slow to deliver and the tasks were dropped from him. The slow delivery may be attributed to much work load associated with school tasks and continuous assessments making it hard for him to concetrate.
Demonstrated improvement in technical writing and interpersonal skills which are needed in requirements gathering
Titus had a good attitude toward receiving constructive and critical feedback and working with his colleagues in a group.
worked on functional websites
Emmanuel has managed is practicing well, and does his best to acquire more knowledge in Data Science.
#NAME?
Engaged in discussions but I feel she needs to do more alone to catch up. She may not be so keen on backend development
The student faced challenges in finding the right tool for UI High-level mockup designs, however, managed to come up with the desired structural designs for the required interfaces which were later on used by the rest of the team for further development.
The student is eager and willing to learn and improve new skills, especially in the design of High fidelity mockups. Please keep it up.
She has perfected Cisco IOS commands and can now configure layer 2 & 3 devices with ease.
The student is eager and willing to learn and improve new skills, especially in the design of High fidelity mockups. Please keep it up.
She has been engaging though limited response time when called up to explain her delivery results.
Good UI created
Samuel has perfected all Cisco IOS commands and he can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
I encourage Aaron to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle the semester load and internship with ease.
This was the first time he has been introduced to a practical machine learning task and despite a lack of a good theoretical foundation, he has already been able to implement an image classification model following the suggested tutorial. He also went ahead and designed a custom neural network for the same purposes which again shows that he has a good understanding of the technical concepts. The only challenge moving forward will be for him to learn the theoretical concepts which will improve his skills. Overall, the tasks for this week have been fully accomplished and the extra work done has set a precedent for the future tasks.
I encourage Winnie to always contact Trainers incase of any difficulty. Otherwise, she has successfully completed this week's tasks.
I encourage Samuel to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty. I also encourage him to use simulation software to perfect IOS commands.
I encourage Mercy to always contact the Lead developer incase of any difficult coding concepts. Otherwise, she is doing well.
#NAME?
John should learn to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle internship training and the semester load with ease.
Tremendous improvement as she has been able to contribute to the business side, the frontend as well as have her own personal project in our backend stack.
Joan has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges. She is doing well.
Completed;
                Internship Orientation 
                De-assembling and assembling of Desktop computers
                 Hardware maintainance and repair 
                 Software Installations
Does't attend work.
Always absent.   
Have seen her thrice ever since her internship started.
She had the simplest tasks among all team but till now not attended too
Doesnot communicate
Doesnt relate with team members
In general, We have tried our best but we can't go on with her.
#NAME?
He has successfully adopted the earlier image classification pipeline for a new task which is for bean classification. He has also gone ahead and implemented a different neural network architecture for the same task and compare the two models. I believe there is still alot of reading that need s to be done to get a better understanding of the theory but he is getting there.
Her response to team activities seems prompt and improving definitely a sign of potential.
Socilaise with colleagues, 
Ask questions and very active, 
Very creative in solving problems.
Candidate's collaboration and team skills are very good. She is a good team player and is willing to collaboratively work with others to get work done.
His debugging skills were a little bit lacking,though with time he looks to be promising that he will gain that art of having a sharp eye with certain syntax.
His work ethics were very good ,well as direction direction following was good thus saved a lot of time during the back-end setup
I encourage Desire to practice multitasking. By doing so, she will be able to handle semester load and internship training with ease.
#NAME?
This task was completed successfully
#NAME?
#NAME?
Workstation installation checklists were filed and submitted on time
This week, I was very impressed with Patricia's ability to push through all the coding problems that she encountered. Very Good Patricia!
Despite a few challenges, Ambrozio has successfully completed this week's tasks.
Mark has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to be careful whenever he is travelling back home.
I encourage Venensio to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle the semester load at campus and internship training at Stratcom with ease.
Met the student and inducted him on the roles of MIS department in LGFC.

Gave him a brief on the ICT security policy.

He is willing to learn and very dedicated student.
Ms.Rashidah has started well with applying the knowledge learnt i class to hands-on exposure in database management systems. We encourage her to continue practicing on several DBMS inorder to gain a firm ground in this area of the IT profession.
Flexible in thinking and problem solving
I encourage Bhan to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle the semester load and internship training with ease.
The tasks for this week have been completed successfully. These included analyzing some of the geo information in the dataset to conduct reverse geocoding as a means to add new features to the dataset. The data has also been used to make a map plot with a subset of the datapoints to improve rendering speed.
She is a high performer person that endures pressure and makes takes responsibilities
He can now use CSS to style web pages with ease. I encourage him to always contact the Lead Developer incase of any coding challenges.
Very Good
#NAME?
The quality of work produced was good.
Michael has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to use the equipment at Stratcom to practice and perfect his skills.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks, that is, styling web pages using CSS and perfecting Cisco IOS commands.
Jabulon did an excellent job with requested changes on the website that came from the Marketing Team. Shows an openness and eagerness to learn from others; accepts criticism and feedback. Applies feedback to improve performance and he is open to new ways of doing things.
#NAME?
Tasks completed.
Yes, he was involved with our engineers in installing the IP camera
#NAME?
He keeps deadlines and takes them serious.
he cooperation is so sufficient to allow him work remotely.
We didn't need to run after him to get tasks done.
And being a team leader, I have expected him to report challenges with his team.
He has perfected cisco IOS commands and can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
Keneth should feel free to slow down the Trainer in case he is a bit fast. Otherwise, he has successfully completed this week's tasks.
He is progressing well with the Internship project and attempting the weekly assignments.
You need to give Javascript more time to understand its applicability.
good to host websites
Solved all the issues and brought up a good app
#NAME?
Brian has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to plan his movements a bit early so that he can reach home safely.
Creative in illustrating stories,
Completes assignment in time,Always helps others where necessary during training sessionsn and coordinate well with his colleagues,
He can adopt to pressure during work.
The UI trends report wasn't delivered as expected.
This might be due to stiff deadlines that collided with campus obligations or some other.
She can explain more on her failure to deliver.
However, other SRS was delivered as required.
-Successfully completed on Atara legacy website.
-Presented the web project to the project team for review
-Successfully loaded the Excel file and convert it to CSV. 
-Able to set working directory in R and plot graphs
The modules which required the SRS are part of the company's project to automate school functions by aid of AI.
She happens to have been collaborative through coming up with required requirements.
However, it was reported by her team leader about her having had little clue on the diagrams and overall knowledge on requirement specifications that made her delay to deliver.
Demonstrated flexibility in a dynamic environment
Despite the computer challenges, he is promising and willing to learn and as well implement the skills in the project. Add more efforts and don't give up. Try your best to see that the machine is repaired in time.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
Ibrahim has successfully completed this week's tasks. That is, styling web pages using CSS, making them interactive using javascript and configuring routes on layer 3 devices.
The student was exposed to service monitoring and availability reporting. This is a key feature in ITSM
He has taken long to finish tasks and he reports it being the PC's fault.
However, his overall engagement with the company is not bad so far.
He is punctual and engaging
The Ministry is currently rolling out the Parish Development Management Information System (PDMIS) countrywide. The intern was tasked to assist with the data migration of the administrative units into the system as one way of interacting with a live system and supporting the implementing team in the field. He got an opportunity to navigate the system as well as he validated some data that was assigned to him to work on.

According to the training plan at the Ministry, the interns are always introduced to concepts before they get the actual training or hands on because some concepts turn out to be new to them and need introduction first. Like cabling and networking. These will be done practically as time goes on.
A slow progress has been monitored 
Working away from the workshop has been challenging
I encourage Moreen to practice multitasking. By doing so, she will be able to handle semester load at campus and internship training at Stratcom with ease.
Seems to be good progress. I am wondering what you are doing about the processes you note. Below I note down some questions to guide your thinking.
Is it that you are collecting and creating their forms in the system proposed? 
What exactly are you doing? Is that analysis part of the feasibility study? 
What is the expected output of the analysis that you are doing and how does it help the next steps?
The student got an understanding of IP management, data center components, and how shared services are used to revolutionize IT
She needs to improve on her communication.
He is progressing well with the Internship project and attempting the weekly assignments.
He was able to identify different networking devices and do network systems maintenance at the office workplace successfully.
Richards has successfully completed this week's tasks. That is, styling web pages using CSS, authentication testing using javascript and perfecting Cisco IOS commands.
Find time to show or present to me the results of the feasibility study that you documented, plus the other documents you note here. Otherwise good progress.
So sorry to hear those challenges. I hope you have not lost your documentation.
Roy continues to meet the targets and goals we discussed. However, we need to get a mid week feed back to provide any needed guidance and needed support from the team to help in meeting the timeline to review the product before the due date.
I encourage Jeremiah to use simulation software like packet tracer to practice how devices are interconnected, configured and tested for connectivity before doing the same on physical devices.
Although they were trial pages, they were later considered because she did everything well
Mantis happens to be our platform for task allocations.
In this week, her punctuality slightly dropped and she was advised to adjust else attract a suspension.
worked on cpanels
#NAME?
Great progress
good on hosting sites
He has perfected Cisco IOS commands, and he can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
#NAME?
#NAME?
Very Good
She has perfected Cisco IOS commands and can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
Brian has shown versatility during work undertakings. We were busy on the Parish based management information system which affected his planned assignments. He is to study the available documentation on the voip network.
-Successfully completed on Atara legacy website.
-Presented the web project to the project team for review
-Successfully loaded the Excel file and convert it to CSV. 
-Able to set working directory in R and plot graphs
The bean array wasn't a task but a coding challenge given to our developers before they can begin work.
The challenge(s) was however a challenge indeed.
It proves he puts little time to practice code and logical problems.
I encourage Udoh to contact the Lead Developer incase of any coding challenges. When a new coding concept is introduced, he can always refer to the internet for better / detailed explanations.
worked on functional websites
Resty has successfully completed this week's tasks. That is, styling web pages using CSS and Configuring intermediary devices (Routers & switches )
She is not an instant effective communicator. Takes long to respond to urgent communications thus making remote working ineffective on her side. The company now decided to bring her back to the physical working arrangements.
Next week's tasks couldn't be coding though. Coding isn't a task. I expected what to write code on.
However, Hussein is a listening and cooperative personel
-Successfully completed on Atara legacy website.
-Presented the web project to the project team for review
-Successfully loaded the Excel file and convert it to CSV. 
-Able to set working directory in R and plot graphs
Her performance continues to be outstanding.
She takes responsibilities for her actions and she proves reliable.
He communication skills make her an outstanding personel with the company
Always dressed descent and has respect for all team.
She is an outstanding intern.
She has managed the GIT repositories well
He is progressing well with the Internship project and attempting the weekly assignments.
able to understand website designing
I encourage Innocent to perfect IOS configuration commands by using simulation software called packet tracer. He should also contact the Networking Trainer incase of any challenges.
worked on functional websites
She has worked on our client's website well with her team assigned on and we are impressed with the results.
This proved that she can collaborate with other member remotely and come up with a product.
Product in context. https://www.mukonokings.com
I encourage Peter to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Given the workload within the department this week, am quite sure there has been a progressive learning for Hastings.
Another week in the workshop looking at pcs, laptops and a brief introduction to Power. she was part of the repair team . Jointly as the intern team they managed to close there tasks as assigned to them. submitted closing job cards to the supervisor and reports for the machines that needed spare parts. From teamwork and her passion to work she will develop more skills.
The tasks in progress for this week are not part of the company's tasks but rather individual obligations to master the tech stacks.
Next week's tasks in this case is not implementing the sickbay mgt but rather, he is required to modify his SRS findings for the that specific module.
Generally, Kikabi is engaging. His team leader has reported 80% compliance with him.
Very diligent and enthusiastic student.
good with functional websites
The Ministry is currently rolling out the Parish Development Management Information System (PDMIS) countrywide. Linda was given an opportunity to assist with the data migration of the administrative units into the system as one way of interacting with a live system and supporting the implementing team in the field. She got an opportunity to navigate the system as well as she validated some data that was assigned to her to work with. 

According to the training plan at the Ministry, the interns are always introduced to concepts before they get the actual training or hands on because some concepts turn out to be new to them and need introduction first. Like cabling and networking. These will be done practically as time goes on.
Bertrand is a quick learner, noted from his ability to carryout basic tasks like mapping Makerere University and Kawempe Parishes using the Archmap software being used in the GIS project only after a brief introductory training.
He has good troubleshooting skills, frequently uses stack overflow, YouTube and other platforms effectively for such purposes.
He is making with quick progress with PHP, despite initial configuration challenges.
Completed the assigned certification in API creation and API Management
Completed the assigned certifications in API creation and API Management, Additionally he implemented a dashboard using Angular
Though it seemed difficult not only for him but even other team members to come up with Functional and Non functional requirements where AI is involved for Boosted's Smart School software, he has to accomplish it.
The task is deadlined and there is some good pressure inserted on the team leaders to ensure compliance and originality of output.
So far, Ronald has exhibited regular attendance and relates with other team members which is an A+ from me.
In this week, we introduced them to our Code base and required them to digitalise our attendance records.
The company looks forward to completely coming up with an integrated online attendance record capturing software that has abilities to read and interprete faces, finger prints above that using simplest hardware components such as mobile phone fingerprint scanners, and face camera for facial recognition. It is this system that is to power our mind blowing Smart school attendance module.
He sits on team of five people lead by Ms. Jacenta. Reports form his team leader have it that he is compliant and engaging. However, they have been slow to meet deadlines for this but be an issue with the new stacks of tech they have to first learn to implement.
So far, we are still on track as i havent recorded any indiscipline or any form of un compliance from Ronald.
He is a good communicator and that is evident from how other team relate with him.
Good performance from him so far.
I encourage Reagan to always contact the Lead  Developer incase of any coding challenges.
He is a conscientious hardworking student.
Very Good
Very Good
I am satisfied with the visualizations that Natasha presented from the data. Of course there is space for improvement and also to grasp the importance of the different visualizations independently from the pandas and matplotlib libraries
She has successfully completed the geo-spatial data analysis tasks which required one to use reverse geo-coding to get information about the districts as a way of feature engineering.
She finished the last Koans for Java she now has a better understanding of the principles of the language
worked on a cpanel
Very good and total participation in the practical training.
Managed to set up both LANs and WLANs, shared resources, and remotely accessed computers connected to the Network.
He is very punctual.
Good at communication and is eager to learn
Mariam is committed and dedicated to producing  information to time and
quality. She is a strong communicator who actively contributed ideas for
improvement and was always willing to take on additional challenges.
The student was dependable and always willing to go above and beyond expectations.
I observed she had a passion in coding & system analysis. 
She drew the process diagrams with some mistakes but was very open to learning; she implemented the corrections given.
We started off well but trailed off towards the end of the week. We ths will be completed at the start of the week so we can tackle the coming week's tasks
First week Mr Sinani and other interns reported and were inducted, showed around the Parliament premises and ICT data centers, both in the Main Building and Development House. He also took part in the verification exercise of new ICT equipment procured by Parliament after delivery by the supplier for conformity with what were specified in the procurement documents. Additionally he handled user support of troubleshooting network breakdown, password resetting and Wi-Fi in Development House and some few cases in Kingdom Kampala where we also have offices for staff and MPs. so far so good.
#NAME?
#NAME?
Good work 
Keep it up
tasks well accomplished
Sonia has been quick at adopting to the environment and ICT Department systems.
Still a good time manager, and consults whenever assigned duties. She is handy whenever needed.
The student has diligently researched and completed the assigments given to him
LAN and WLAN set up and administration skills were demonstrated
Time management and Group setting working
Hellen learning to work without supervision and deliver on defined timelines. This is an attribute that will come in handy as you navigate your daily tasks now and after school.
I encourage Givious to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle the semester load and internship training with ease.
Dickens has perfected Cisco IOS configurations commands. He can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
I can access the hosted system from https://www.pepsimt.com/login, though told her to work on the responsiveness on the mobile devices.
Looked for ways to learn better and put to use the knowledge he was learning. Good Job Terry.
Successfully interacted with the server and managed to deploy applications.
Did code reviews, and testing.
Fast learning curve for PHP, MYSQL
Conrad is a good student, always trying out all ways of tackling an existing problem.
Boris has successfully completed the first week of internship . 
we are going to equip him with hands on skills and practical competence for next 6 weeks , for practice purpose i encourage him to be co-operative and ready to learn
Technical works and repairs have highlighted the week and the progress is good. He is doing his work well and in time.
Student did the assignment, termination of cables and some troubleshooting assignments well.
The main concentration this week was IT/Networking.
Kyagaba is very committed and managed to implement the user interfaces for a data manipulation system. Looking forward to seeing how he can integrate Python analytics as a back-end with the front-end
i encourage Boris to use the available tools and time to perfect these skills
He is so hardworking and always eager to learn
Progressive in the area of systems development, irrespective of the laptop challenge.
encouraged to take as much notes and possible and to ask as many questions as possible to any colleague for her understanding of ICT business processes and operations
Reported on time.
Configured the Network very well using Cisco Packet Tracer.
this was an introductory week for the interns to understand how NITA works
Time keeper
Good at team work
Good at practical demonstrations
Very disciplined
Time keeper
According to what am seeing we  a half way of the progress because the supermarket was new and the person responsible for database and networking was only one but when he got BESIGYE RONALD they sat down they shared knowledge and davis to him some statistics such as cable testing and connecting servers to other client computers he learnt it very well because he is not a bad person he is calm and well behaved
the intern was introduced to service management principles such as service requests, incident management, IT change management etc
introduced to practical ways of  service level management regarding IT service requests such as IAAS,BAAS
He has mastered basic configuration of mikrotik routers.
He understands Vlans and how to apply it in a network setting 
Needs to research more on voice communication protocals.
Great progress
It was progressive since she was able to complete all the tasks at hand.
He is willing to learn and discover new ideas and technology
Keep it Up
Although the time factor is challenging, She has tried to dedicate time to learning and accomplishing all her tasks as assigned by the training officer
She is getting more technical and learning new topics. she is a hard worker
Sarah has exhibited a high level of commitment in the way she executes her assigned activities. Technically she is easy to teach and guide through several I.T activities
Good knowledge of some basic SQL querying. Finances are a bit of a problem for him. sometimes he is not able to work.
Completed:

General IT support knowledge (Troubleshooting of IT related problems such as network failure, computer malfunction, slowness of the computer, etc)
Operating System installation specifically windows 10 pro on computers
Creation of different accounts on a windows computer and how to change the account type
Setting up Account passwords
Installation of different softwares (Microsoft office, firefox, adobe, etc....)
Embraced application support, to offer technical support to URA clients which is very important in post system implementation.
worked with the DC team to practically avail DC resources to other entities.
worked with the service desk team to understand how the operationized systems are managed
Ibrahim is a good listener and he has courage to learn and deliver good work.
Time management is good, He posses the ability work under pressure and meet deadlines, Committed and loves team work.
Absolutely awesome. Keep it up.
Keep it up, Natosha. You will manage
Great improvement
Keep it up Vanessa
good on working with cpanels
very good
Very observant during training, Participate well and help colleagues, submits task on time
We have sent Allan to field and he has returned great results. We are proud of him.
Edrick has in the past two weeks moved from zero in using code igniter to a level we feel confident can support other team members. He is a well behaved person and very interested in learning new things
We had a few spoiled computers to practice on but with a few problems we solved together, she got a foundation in Computer repair and maintenance, both hardware and Software which she can build on in the future.
Very Good User Interface
Joseph participated very well in the introductory sessions he had on virtualization
A good and hardworking student.
he is a good student
he performed well in backup
He is an excellent person to work with. Has many good qualities such - he is result-oriented, keeps time, respects colleagues, good communication skills and is excelled with solving the problems assigned to him
An excellent team player. His love for embedded system is amazing. Wilberforce is a reliable person and has taken on the role of leading his other interns. Moreover, he goes beyond his assigned duties and assists in maintaining the acquired equipment. In the little time Wilberforce has been with us, he has had very many outputs, which i could equate to 2 years.
Excellent person to work with. She is quick at learning new things. Moreover, she is a great team member. She keeps time and always finished work on time. She has extensive knowledge on IoT and most importantly, she loves what she does. She is the perfect person one should employ.
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.   
  -Presented a website project on mantle of hope and Atara Legacy Website.
-Att
Good integration with the team, shown by the participation in the #run4climate run organized by Tree Adoption Uganda, who had partnered with AirQo in May. Good progress in appreciating the mobile codebase, familiar with the deployment process for the mobile application
Completed:

General IT support continued
Remote connection using RDS, and Team viewer
-Presented a project on the website on Atara legacy.
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.
-Attended the training on hos
Samuel is a collaborating person.
Despite the strict short deadlines given, he copies up with pressure.
He has always taken responsibilities for his mistakes and has ensured other teams deliver to the company's expected product quality.
These modules being talked of are part of a mega AI driven school management software that we tasked our trainees to document.
The software is to automate school day to day activities.
From this week, it was evident Gilbert had never interfaced with Server end programming. He had oracle knowledge but never applied it in real application development.
However, since we require results and perfect results with our softwares, the company is engaging him in more tasks to perfect such that he can be condfident in handling the company's code base.
Took great initiative in content generation/design for the "Know Your Air" section of the mobile application. And is also very open to learning and receiving feedback. Generally good progress in getting integrated within the team.
Overall performance for the past four weeks is rated 85%
This is due to her punctuality, daily attendance and proper communication.
Excellent team member. he keeps time and always works with colleagues to deliver the work on time.
Tasks well completed.
Completed:

General IT support continued
Remote connection using RDS, and Team viewer
Working on her internship project
They are supposed to have finished the SRS for the modules but however, team leaders havent commented on his compliance.
In this report, i expected to find something connected to SRS since all teams where assigned atleast a module and each person has a bite to take.
But well, am to find out on this specific report for this week ending.
Well, week completed though he didnt attend his only one day physical session as part of the remote working arrangement.
He was engaging throughout his remote work engagements.
Tasks completed in time
Very Good
Developing and upgrading the Boosted Smart School is actually what they have been doing all along. So that cannot be a task for the coming week.
Tasks are currently pending as reviews for their SRS are being made.
William managed to configure the back-end  for the project and also managed to add more buttons to simplify the data visualizations on the front-end.
I encourage Mercy to practice multitasking. In doing so, she will be able to handle internship and semester load with ease.
-Started a new project on Soroti FC football club website.!
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.
-Attended the training on hosting a website on Cpanel and remote servers.
David has quickly adapted to the new project  for internship which will involve preparing data for a topic classification task. He has finished most of the tasks with the primary task being data cleaning. For this he has explored a number of techniques like using an English dictionary to propose words for misspelled words in the dataset.
-Attended the training on hosting a website on Cpanel and remote servers.   
-Presented a website project on mantle of hope and Atara Legacy Website.
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programmi
-Presented a website project on mantle of hope.
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.
-Attended the training on hosting 
I encourage him to always contact the Lead Developer in case of any coding challenges.
She has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
Timothy has perfected Cisco IOS commands. He can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with eases.
Ibrahim has perfected Cisco IOS commands, and he can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease. He is doing well.
The intern demonstrated good programming skills
Assignments completed in record time
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenge
Being a hot season, he  should get used to Uganda weather
I encourage Aaron to always contact the Lead Developer incase of any difficulty or coding challenge.
I encourage Nicholas to use free internet at Stratcom Cyber Cafe incase there are any tasks that are supposed to be completed online.
She is compliant and misses no days at work.
Engaging and teachable
I still encourage Samuel to use simulation software to perfect IOS commands.
He has proved being reliable to work with. 
He has greatly responded effectively when called for urgent activities throughout this week.
Student was excellent and hard working though he was frustrated with grasping a lot of content in a very short time
Very Good
He beats deadline always
The student has designed the platform database with professionalism. He is noticeably good at backend design and system requirements gathering.
Lukia has successfully completed this week's tasks, that is, configuring VLANs on layer 3 devices and setting up the database environment for the web application. She is doing well.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any major challenges.
Completed the certifications. Continued learning API concepts
Mark has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to get used to Ugandan weather.
I encourage Moreen to always use her time at Stratcom to practice the newly acquired skills. She is also free to come to Stratcom any time and use the machines / equipment for practice purposes.
With limited resources and equipment, he was still available and ready to learn.
did all the koans and passed them objective was to master the foundational concepts in the language which she seems to grasp
I still encourage Samuel to contact the Lead Trainer incase of new concepts that are a bit difficult
Try switching to other database engines for but understanding how most database connectors work, so far so good.
-Started a new project on Soroti FC football club website.!
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.
-Attended the training on hosting a website on Cpanel and remote servers.
Overall performance rating for the first 4 weeks of work with us is 80%.
Hope it proves in the remaining time of work.
-Attended the software development training on adita Project.   
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.   
  -Presented a
I encourage Alvin to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle the semester load at campus and internship at Stratcom with ease.
Time management is excellent, His general application of knowledge to address problems is excellent, He is a good listener and fast learner
-Attended the discussion on adita Project.   
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.   
  -Presented a website project on
Great teamwork on the UIDs which have been refined from last week. Keep up the good work and keep putting more effort into the design improvements.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges. He is doing well.
Francis is an engaging person
Completed:

General IT support continued
Remote connection using RDS, and Team viewer
Joan has perfected Cisco IOS commands. She can now configure layer 2, and 3 devices with ease.
-Attended the discussion on adita Project.   
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.   
  -Presented a website project on
able to use different sites to host websites
Despite on minor challenge, Bhan has successfully completed this week's tasks. He has also perfected CIsco IOS commands.
I encourage Desire to use the limited time available to complete all weekly tasks.
Great work Emmanuel, continue practicing to get the best skills in Data Science.
She is complaint and fast at meeting deadlines.
She has written her reports and delivered them in time.
She is trainable and self motivated.
Samuel has successfully completed this week's tasks with ease. He has also set up the back end environment  for the web App.
Very Good UI
The main task for building a CNN for bean image classification has been accomplished and this is a milestone as he managed to successfully develop his first well performing CNN. He has also undertaken reading tasks for understanding the layers and composition of a neural network and we also had a lesson for the same. To accomplish the CNN, he managed to review the AlexNet architecture which was used as a guide to build his own classifier.
better with website designing
I encourage Precious to always contact the Lead Developer incase of any difficulty / coding challenges
good with hosting
#NAME?
Yes, Evans was guided by our technician  on some computer repairs
Learning sessions were attended well, and tasks given were executed on time. Racheal proved exemplary leadership in learning and performance. Good Job!
Whitney's general performance for the first four weeks is rated 85%
this breaks down to her Consistency in attendance, involvement in other company activities besides IT, proper communication among other performance metrics.
Keep it up
she is always willing to do whatever needs to be done. she was in the UPS department where she attained more power skills theory and hands on. she had an interaction with the Unilever system analyst who gave a report of her knowing what's done in the department and liking join the same field.
Good. Keep it up
-Presented a website project on mantle of hope and Atara Legacy Website.
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.   
-Atten
His initiative to communicate and ask for help and also learn about business processes was commendable.
Very good
Keep it up
Very Good
-Create graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.
-Attended the training on hosting a website on Cpanel and remote severs.
Tasks have been partially completed, however, he has been handed a TP-link router for practice purposes.
Never missed assignments without prior approval and appropriate notification. Keep it up Mark!
Manasseh managed to implement the sign-up and login interfaces using flutter and now moving towards implementing Firebase for the back-end of the above pages.
Learning sessions were attended well, tasks given were executed on time.
Very Good
He has perfected Cisco IOS commands and can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
Miss Joanita made the app's design prototypes in Figma. She also checked out Tailwind, a CSS framework which she is going to use to style the app.
Great teamwork on the UIDs which have been refined from last week. Keep up the good work and keep putting more effort into the design improvements.
Overall performance for the four weeks ending this week is rated 80%.
All she needs to improve is communication and punctuality.
Her delays to finish tasks is attributed to ineffective collaboration with the team members which is an indicator of ineffective communication.
However, this shall improve on as we orient them and show them their weakness via the performance and compliant reports
Despite the machine challenges, Davis managed to implement the sign-up and login interfaces using flutter and now moving towards implementing Firebase for the back-end of the above pages.
Her tasks were submitted to mantis our project management platform and under review.
-Attended the training on hosting a website on Cpanel and remote servers.   
-Presented a website project on mantle of hope.
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, an
Good progress on acquisition of on-job knowledge and experience on the internal data networks including connectivity so far. Brian should already be able to start aligning theory with practical implementation and possibly notice any gaps if present.
-Attended meetings and participated in the training of R programming. 
 -Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.   
  -Presented a website project on mantle of hope and Atara Legacy Website.
-Att
Despite a very tight schedule, Udoh has successfully completed this week's tasks.
Andrew proved to be a very reliable intern. He was very dedicated and committed to learning as much and building enough skill muscle.
Set up both LAN and WLANs.
Shared resources and Remotely accessed computers connected on the Network.
He didn't know basic system administration tasks.
At the time we expected to have something to be delivered, we instead needed to more time to train him.   
He complains of limited time to finish tasks as most time is occupied with school assignments.
This is as well evidenced in the quality results delivered as little attention is put on what is actually presented.
The intern visited the server room at the Ministry of ICT & National Guidance and while there, she was able to identify the different devices used to set up a server room and their roles, Environment of a server room and the structure.

The intern also terminated and tested a straight through cable following the sessions had earlier on Cabling.
Student learnt how to terminate network cables using the organisation's color coding
generally, Angella is an outstanding performa. If it is performance appraisal, she has managed to be among the top 3 for the past four weeks of work at Boosted.   
She is an engaging person though too much inquisitive which a good attribute.
Passionate
Very promising. The best is yet to come
able to work with WordPress websites
The session was good and we had a good interaction with the students, we did a lot of installation and the objective was achieved
it was  a wonderful week and the above was achieved by the student
he really did well with backups and Datawarehouse
He was tasked to work remotely in this week and he indeed performed well with deadlines.
Currently reviewing and assessing his four week stay at Boosted Technologies. We expect to have a clear understanding of Who Hussein is after our data analysis.
website runs on https://www.gametricks.co
#NAME?
great
Hard working
Apart from the challenges with his laptop, Marvin managed to successfully design the user interfaces for the business to business application
Demonstrated good Network Devices  configurations
Progaming in PHP has been a challenge to her.
But well, we are to take her through guided engagements to make her master the art of Boosted software design principals.
Winnie has perfected Cisco IOS commands and now she can configure layer 2 & 3 devices with ease.
Exhibited good team work in the role played during systems development.
Doing well
better with functional websites
good to go with website designing and hosting
She was able to troubleshoot some software-related problems quickly and efficiently. Good work Patricia!
Resty has successfully completed this week's tasks. After perfecting Cisco IOS commands, she can now configure intermediary devices ( routers and switches ) with ease.
A very reliable person. Always available when needed and delivers quality work. His ability to research and deliver quality work is amazing. He requires minimal supervision to deliver on new assignments and is a good team player
A part from training on what is planned like cable termination and server set up, David has taken on the role of leading the interns in the projects they have like redesigning the ministry website and designing a web based application for information sharing for the department.

He is also providing help desk support to the employees at the Ministry since most of the IT Officers are in the field implementing the Parish Development Management System.
Richards is doing well. He has completed this week's tasks with ease.
#NAME?
GIT has been a challenge not only to him and with other interns.
He has completed the tasks this week. This involved using a a hybrid dictionary to correct misspelled words that will be used for the topic modelling task. He has also completed his reading tasks on the Word2Vec architecture that can be used to create word embeddings.
He has so far displayed strong organizational skills. Demonstrates a good work ethic, offers assistance and support to fellow interns. Willing to go the extra mile and makes maximum use of time.
We are looking forward to testing Roy’s demo of the frontend and backend. We would to start putting all the pieces together as we promised the client for a dry run in a weeks time, and a follow up of the actual demo along with other stakeholders.
Impressed by how much you quickly learned how to use many of those application programs. Good Job Malik!
Abdallah has successfully completed the first week of internship and he is doing well. I encourage him to always contact the Trainer incase of any difficulty.
He was tasked to demonstrate session management with PHP and MySQL which he did perfectly.
This was aimed to test skills before engaging him with the company's code base.
The system is fully response now on all screen sizes, more functionality is being added
I encourage Abdallah to always contact the Trainer incase of any challenge.
I encourage Abdallah to use simulation software to perfect the Cisco IOS commands.
Despite a few challenges like loose cables, Abdallah has completed this week's tasks, that is configuring layer 2 and 3 devices and setting up the database environment for the web app
He delivered his SRS to him team leader in time.
He has been responsive and collaborative.
A very reliable person who contributes well with the team members. He has for the past few weeks improved on his research capabilities, leading to better documentation of the system development processes and most importantly his problem-solving qualities are excellent. He also keeps time both in arriving at  work and submitting the assignments
work well done, but kindly submit in time, next time
Malcom has successfully completed this week's tasks. I encourage him to always contact the Lead Trainer incase of any difficulty.
I still encourage Malcom to slow down the Trainer incase he is too fast.
Maria self regulated herself
He was permitted to complete tasks remotely but however, this has made him more infective than while attending the physical work sessions.
Olivia is still studying and working on the assignments that have been assignments, but she is doing quite well on the assignment of offering support to staff on use of ACMIS
-Created graphs using R programming, data manipulation, and understanding of descriptive statistics.
-Attended the training on hosting a website on Cpanel and remote servers.
it was a multi-tasking week with a couple of activities ,hence it enabled the students go extra mile in multitasking since we had both onsite and offsite activities.
Langauges here should have been specific. For they are specific for this Smart School project
It was his first time to engage deeper in hardware maintenance,
Progressive in website designing and the system.
Progressive in all areas covered this week.
The intern visited the server room at the Ministry of ICT & National Guidance and while there, she was able to identify the different devices used to set up a server room and their roles, the environment of a server room and the structure of the server room.

   Linda also terminated and tested a straight through cable following the sessions had earlier on Cabling. We focused on termination of the straight through cable because it is what we commonly use at the Ministry.
Kikomeko is able to complete urgent tasks with the same high-quality and detail that we often see from his regular duties
Kikomeko always deliver work ahead of schedule and never forget any details, always here on time, never leave early and he adheres to all company break times. On the rare occasion he missed work.
He was tasked to come up with the SRS for the module fees collection and intergration to Boosted's Smart school project.
Training with the Systems Development Division opened up more capabilities for Hastings .however, more extra practice is needed of him to strive for perfection
John has successfully completed this week's tasks, and he can configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
Tasks were completed successfully
During the week Jolly was further introduced to the different infrastructures within IT. Right from the data center. 
She also demonstrated excellence by quickly picking up on the ongoing risk reviews within IT Risk and supporting with conducting these.
She is engaging and ask questions
Student was an excellent asset to the organization and brought new and innovative ideas to the table regarding the UNRA Laboratory System
-He is smart(dress code).
-He is a fast learner.
Mark has started internship and he is doing well. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills for the next 6 weeks.
Completed the certification for API academy
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
He has perfected Cisco IOS commands, and he can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
More efforts in Network Devices configurations.
Progressive irrespective of the time .
Progressed in system ideation and embarked on the system design.
I encourage Dickens to use his time at Stratcom to acquire hands-on skills and practical competence.  He should always contact the Trainers incase of any difficulty.
Sonia has a good rapport with People, quick at grasping  new concepts.
She has so far been good at easily  examining problems and quickly identifying potential solutions. 
With more commitment and postivity, she will excel.
Good time keeper. Always at work on time. This shows that he is interested in the training and learning
ADDS and DNS configuration was done successfully.
Group Policy Management  was done as well
She is such a good student always with a great desire to learn new skills.
The configuration of Cisco Devices was conducted well.
Good Time Management and responsibility  for her activities
good with hosting
I believe that his skills have matured enough to be assigned a new interesting problem. I asked him to develop a custom neural network for this task and he managed to develop the network and add a few custom layers to improve the performance. He has not yet mastered the evaluation pipelines and this will be the main task for him moving forward.
All tasks assigned were well executed
Bertrand easily familiarized himself with GPS electronics being used
The practical PHP assignment (Creating a simple CRUD application) exceptionally well done
Good at programming
Always at the training center on time
Good discipline
He is a fast learner
He is always attentive during training
Very Good
Good  UI
Student learnt about Virtualization, had a look and feel of the environment management and completed the other tasks as mentioned above to satisfaction.
able to work on cpanels to host websites
#NAME?
GOOD TEAMWORK was exhibited during the tasks handled before the health interrupted. These included creation of mysql-D and DB integration with php.
Configured Cisco devices using Cisco Packet Tracer as well as managing Windows Server.
ADDS, DNS and DHCP
Mariam’s research and computer skills are some of the best I’ve seen. She can
make a difficult task look easy, and can articulate her findings with extreme
clarity.
He's not supposed to miss any tests / course work at campus because of internship.
Ambrozio has perfected cisco IOS commands. He can now configure layer 2 & 3 networking devices with ease.
Completed:

General IT support continued
Remote connection using RDS, and Team viewer
Student managed to complete all tasks above mentioned fairlu satisfactorily.
Student completed tasks to satisfactory level. True he is facing some challenges with work/studies balance but handling well.
Limitations on the side of the student because of the need to juggle between school and work. Otherwise great job sofar
Introduced to more tasks and still embracing well
Incorporating class with field experience, the intern managed to use mock-up design tools to come up with a login page for a sample tourism site
I encourage Peter to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle the semester load and internship training with ease.
He has actively participated
The tasks were completed on time
She was a fast learner regarding the data manipulation exercise
I got to learn that Heizal was a business-oriented person and the tasks we were covering this week have acted as a catalyst to enable her to think about her business passion uniquely. She was also eager to learn.
There has been a number of tasks handled in this week; one of them being comprehensive repairs of computers and printers by ICT team of parliament and another company contracted by Parliament. In this regard the interns benefited very much from this one week planned exercise in general and specifically Mr Sinani Wanzu had great time with the team. He has also been part of the team that installed and networked new computers in the Parliament Resource center at Development House. He is hard working and focused.
Good working progress, a few kinks in the documentation were rectified as expected
#NAME?
This week was quite challenging for most students because they were learning something new (Mobile App Development) however Heizal did not take the position of "this is hard, I might as well not learn" however she opened her mind and made a decision to intentionally learn something new.
All tasks completed
Well done
There's progress considering on the start, and happy with the effort being input to learn
I have assigned Natasha a project to help her to grasp data analysis skills and potentially learn the basics of machine learning. This week the the task was to conduct exploratory data analysis to get insights about the features in the dataset. I have informed her about how to improve the EDA from her submission to improve the data preparation pipelines
Jovan supports others in fulfilling his tasks and always willing to help.
There is a lot to learn and he seems ready for it. Some issues with trying to find out why the code may not be running as expected .. Debugging is something to improve on.
He is progressing well, and he learns new things each day. given it's his first time using spring-boot he is not doing badly.
Terry was always cordial and willing to help fellow interns and company workers. Thumbs up for your Terry!
Hellen should develop a skill of following up with colleagues responsible for closure of tasks. This will improve turn-around-time in her arear of work
Very Good
He is showing great progress in networks most especially troubleshooting and making sure there is less noise in the network. he is efficient in his work
He is always available in for office work.
He is a very active students and likes participating.
Improving work ethic and portrayal of purpose and clarity of company goals.
Evans was able to install the doom camera with our engineers
Progressive
The student gained graphics designing skills
Progressive in other activities ,its networking that challenged him.
PROGRESSIVE ,he was first challenged ,but later did the work as required.
challenged by the harddisk hence he didnt finish all the work.
I encourage Jonathan to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle semester load at campus and internship training at Stratcom with ease.
Progressive
He is a reliable person and  because of that, the lab has entrusted him with several new tasks, which he diligently executed in the least time possible. The love for what he does is amazing but most importantly his communication skills make working with him easy. For instance, he always reminds me to confirm the quality of the work. He is a very good team leader too and yet required no supervision to do his work. As such, i get more time to attend to other assignments as he completes what is assigned to him
Allan has managed to be consistent.
Very Good
Patience has taken in the role of coordinating and implementation of the project to digitise our Security Operations with regards to armed personnel deployment. She has exhibited good planning and organisational skills as well as database design knowledge towards attainment of this objective.
#NAME?
Certificates in this case are the SSL certificates.
She has managed the Server so well. All Certificates have been upto date
Completed:

Continued General IT support (troubleshooting of problems )
Installation of windows server 2019 and ubuntu server 
Adding Windows server 2019 roles (ADDS)
RAID Management
Completed:

Continued General IT support (troubleshooting of problems )
Installation of windows server 2019 and Ubuntu server
Adding Windows server 2019 roles (ADDS)
RAID Management
He still needs more engagements with web scrapping to have dynamic reasoning to attacking different web page design structures that the DOM objects for Java fail to capture
Installation of windows server 2019 and ubuntu server
Adding Windows server 2019 roles (ADDS)
RAID Management
He is an engaging person.
It was an engaging week from him.
Despite the fixed school schedule he tried his best to deliver tasks assigned though the quality wasn't that expected.
Roy continues to demonstrate  a grate desire to learn new concepts, and keeping the team posted of the progress of the goals that were assigned to him; the goal is to have a presentable demo to the potential client prior to the end of the internship.
Samuel can now set up a LAN and also share resources like internet and documents on a network with ease. He can also write scripts to create, delete, insert and update records in a database.
Quantity of work produced is outstanding.
Reagan has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
I encourage Timothy to ignore the noise and try to concentrate. Otherwise, he is doing well.
#NAME?
I encourage Michael to contact the Lead Developer incase of any difficulty.
I encourage Resty to upgrade her PC for better performance.
I encourage Innocent to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle semester load and internship training with ease.
Good progress
I still encourage Winnie to always contact the Lead Developer incase of any difficulty in coding.
#NAME?
The student shows great determination in completing of tasks given to her.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks, that is, configuring VLANs on layer 2 devices and setting up database environment for the web application.
She has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
The student shows great determination in completing of tasks given to her.
#NAME?
I commend her punctuality. So punctual
Time management is good, keeps record well, seeks for help on tasks with challenges, creative in applying skills in projects
Good progress
She is adhesive to instructions
Good progress.
She was a team player in the tasks for the week. And always proactive in finding solution to issues. Keep it Up.
I still encourage Aaron to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport. He should also make use of the internet for detailed explanations.
Venensio has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges. He is doing well.
Limited time of engagement due to much pressure from campus that made concentration to our projects less. He could better am sure.
#NAME?
Emma was introduced to cyber security with the FortiGate platform and he successfully completed Network Security Expert level 1.
He was introduced to basic firewall configurations.
Samuel has successfully completed this week tasks without any challenges.
The NoSQL here is MongoDB not MangoDB
Very Good UI
I encourage Mark to get used to multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle internship and semester load with ease. Otherwise, he is doing well.
I am satisfied with the progress which has been made towards the data cleaning and I believe that the current dataset is clean enough to be used for the topic classification task. I also tasked him to read about new methods like using embeddings to compare the similarity between words and correct them as a complement to using the dictionary.
Joan has successfully completed this week's hands-on practical tasks with ease.
He beats deadline always
He need's more time to interact with the Linux environment.
I encourage her to contact both Networking and Coding Trainers so that she can catch up with whatever she missed.
Sorry for the sickness. Let's pray that you get well soon and resume with the project.
Cynthia has stepped up to take on more responsibilities and is dependable. The only area for improvement would be her time management.
Configured VLANs successfully.
was able to understand the concepts well, will give her a project at the end
Limited time of engagement due to much pressure from campus that made concentration to our projects less. He could better am sure.
Always on Time and managed to configure Group Policies on different client servers.
I encourage Mercy to complete her assignments at Campus in time. Otherwise, she can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and easily share resources (internet, documents..etc) on the network.
Alvin is doing well. I still encourage him to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend  less on transport.
A great team player who makes efforts to ensure timely tasks completion.
He was engaging and loves attacking logical challenges without fear or favor.
The intern was asked to work together with her team and come up with a concept note to inform the re-design of the website. This was intended to improve their documentation and presentation skills as they prepare to present their concepts to clients in the future.
The interns were trained by another supervisor how to configure the land lines used at the Ministry and were taken through the functions of the devices in the equipment room where they terminate the analog lines from UTL.
Good progress
He is a fast leaner with excellent skills on projects
Handed in the tasks on time
#NAME?
#NAME?
Good progress
Week completed successfuly
I still advise him to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Concentration has been put more on class work and less attention to projects.
Output for this week lacked alot
He's free to use internet at Stratcom Cyber cafe.
Commended for support on the service desk
#NAME?
I appreciate the clarity you provide for project tasks and the positive mood that encourages me to share with you more knowledge.
#NAME?
He can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and also share resources like internet connection, documents...etc on a network with ease. In addition, he has also successfully set up a database environment for the web app.
The student shows great determination in completing of tasks given to her.
David worked together with his team and came up with a concept note to inform the re-design of the website. This is intended to improve his documentation and presentation skills plus team work as they prepare to present their concepts to clients in the future.
David has other supervisors who train him on other concepts. Through that, he is able to learn what other departments do in the Ministry for example; last week he was taught how to configure the land lines used at the Ministry and was taken through the functions of the devices in the equipment room where they terminate the analog lines from UTL.
#NAME?
Learning sessions were attended well, tasks given were executed on time.
He is now having knowledge of networking and terminating cables
Learning sessions were attended well, and tasks given were executed on time.
#NAME?
#NAME?
Good Job Andrew for pushing through the barriers of software challenges, KEEP IT UP!
He beats the deadline always
Learning sessions were attended well, and tasks given were executed on time.
Great work and progress from the review of the entirety of tasks performed from the beginning of the project
David has managed to implement part of the front-end to the business to business flutter application.
He has been engaging throughout this week
worked with MySQL
#NAME?
Completed:

Continued General IT support (troubleshooting of problems )
Installation of windows server 2019
Adding Windows server 2019 roles (ADDS)
RAID Management
She must be confident with deploying on production and able to decide which hosting options to choose from for a project
#NAME?
He has managed to make sufficient research on how to improve the results from the previous experiments. Specifically, I asked him to investigate the use of transfer learning as a means to improve the models and I am satisfied with the review he has.
Also he has identified challenges with deploying CNN models for android with the flutter framework that he has been using. I have recommended to him that he can explore the use of Tensorflow specific pipelines like the ML Kit to deploy android apps.
#NAME?
He has successfully completed this week's tasks, that is, setting up  database environment for the web app.
He has successfully set up the database environment for the web app.
Completed.
He is a good person very co-operative because he asks what he doesnt understand and when you tell him he learns it very fast 
He is too caring about everyone in shop
He is too determined in what he does bambi, The program is running very well no complains yet but the services are good so far
He should always contact the Lead Developer incase of coding challenges. I also encourage him to make use of the internet for further research. Otherwise, he is doing well.
-Kenneth's eagerness to learn is commendable.
-He communicates clearly.
-Seeks to be practical/hands-on in his assignments.
Bhan has successfully completed this week's tasks, that is, setting up the database environment for the web app and perfecting Cisco IOS commands.
She was introduced to Production hosting. She calm and engaging.
Through teamwork and cooperation, he is progressing well with the project. Add more efforts and time for efficiency and effectiveness.
#NAME?
#NAME?
Joshua managed to develop the front-end for the data manipulation system and pushed his code to GitHub, looking forward to seeing him integrate Django as a back-end for the data manipulation system.
Limited time of interaction with him due to clashing school and  company activities
Kyagaba has Integrated Django back-end in the data Manipulation system and he has so far done a good job despite the fixed schedule. He has also managed to use the titanic dataset to learn and train himself more data science concepts to add on the training he has acquired.
Despite the fact that he is working on two projects at the same time, he has given his best to see that the back-end for the Login and Sign-up pages for the business to business flutter application is implemented using Firebase, and has also managed to use the House prediction dataset to practice more on machine learning.
She has been engaging
He has managed to accomplish his reading tasks on keras callbacks for monitoring model training and I am satisfied with the review. He has also taken the extra step to try out the object detection pipeline with Tensorflow to get a better understanding of the end goal for the whitefly task.
He was cooperative in this week
Good Creativity
Draws on the knowledge and skills of others.
Ngrok was intended to expose her machine to the internet
He worked with ngrok to turn his software
Good progress on development of a cabinet information paper.
Took great initiative in organising mini workshop on backing up user data. Was also very collaborative through timely code reviews. He has been able to deliver most of his assigned tasks. No clear visibility into the quality of his work at the moment.
Always followed instructions and carried out assignments as expected. Whenever she hit a road block, she always sought help.
As I have said in the previous weeks, your ability to learn new programs is incredible. Good work.
He can design websites using WordPress Content Management System
The student shows consummate tenacity in completing his tasks and making sure everything is done in the right time.
Emmanuel did all of the tasks asked of him and more. He felt comfortable enough to trust his instincts and handled many situations which alleviated much of our work load. We were all very impressed by his ability to assess the work and get things accomplished in a short work day.
Her verbal communication skills improved greatly since the first day she started
Great progress on tasks and assignments, despite juggling between school and work
Ms. Nakityo went through the CSS Framework, Tailwind, which she is going to use to style the app.
Maria is Progressing well and independent
Completed
#NAME?
The tasks were completed successfully
Designed a simple blog using WordPress CMS. thoroughly.
Joseph indeed completed the assignment of moving files from one VM to another using SSH and he is continuing with the other assignments
week 5 she joined the infrastructure department. this department handles the cabling and networking system for our client. in this department she and the group where given a brief introduction and taken through different tasks. with the department engineers. 

she ended her week in the Enterprise department. where she did server configuration and installation with different operating systems. and working with department engineers on their assigned tasks. week 6 she continues in the same department.
Virtual host set up was not an easy thing to be accomplished in. More is need to interface with more of the different server softwares configurations so as to become more confident working around those technologies
Good at team cordination
He is a fast learner.
Engaged in system coding frameworks such as django to work on real-life systems
Mariam has very good work ethics and follows direction well
Miiro, All interfaces built should be mobile-friendly, we build mobile-first interfaces
Developed APIs using the concepts learnt
I encourage Dickens to choose internship training sessions that favor him so that he doesn't miss lectures at Campus.
Jolly has been exposed to the other areas of risk management such as operational, Credit and Market risk. She was given a high level detail to the activities within these spaces and a walkthrough on conducting stress tests.

She was also exposed to regulatory returns specific to reporting on the regulator IT audit findings.
incorporated service management with software engineering by learning how to use ITSM tools such as spice works to track, resolve and report on incidents
Olivia is making progress with the assignments she has
She has been sickly with limited time to completed tasks
been sickly in this week.
Got less time to interact her up
I still encourage John to plan his movements a bit early so that he can spend less on transport.
Nnabakka is passionate about data science, Regression and Prediction, Classical Linear and Nonlinear Regression, and Extensions.
Natasha has made further progress with the data preparation, specifically she has presented candidate features to be used for training the model to predict the number of monthly submissions. The features that she has selected currently need to be aggregated by month to make value for training the model. I look forward to how this data can be prepared better.
#NAME?
All the tasks assigned were completed.
She managed to design WordPress personal blog
Alertness and willing to learn new skills on time.
Good Team Work skills and great ability to multitask.
Learning sessions were attended well, and tasks given were executed on time.
Together with her team, Linda came up with a concept note to inform the re-design of the website. This was intended to improve her documentation and presentation skills plus team work as they prepare to present their concepts to clients in the future.
Linda is also having other supervisors who train her on other concepts. Through that, she is able to learn what other departments do in the Ministry for example; she was taught how to configure the land lines used at the Ministry and were taken through the functions of the devices in the equipment room where they terminate the analog lines from UTL.
To be successful in a competitive computing industry, Givious should learn how to deal with pressure.
#NAME?
Completed
Ms.Rashidah is comprehending the theory and practical very well. i encourage her to continue with practice on similar systems to grasp the concepts further.
I gave here a task to develop a website, to see her skills in website designing, she did it well and also hosted at godtech.co.ug
Enthusiastic, energetic and displayed positive learning behavior.
Development is ongoing and connection to the database.
Development is ongoing as the Student is learning new technologies.
She is finding a hard time using illustrator
The task she told me she enjoyed doing. I didn't tell her what to do. told her to use youtube.
He is performing well
Very Good performance from kenneth
Engaging teammate
Engaging teammate
Great and persistent improvement by Sonia.
She is focused which has helped her learn more skills at work as an intern.
Great communication and Initiative skills showcased. He was able to spearhead the organisation of the sprint planning call for the mobile application development team. Ability to reach out to other team members outside the platform department showed great integration skills. No clear visibility in his quality of code. There is a room for improvement in the quantity of work done as per assigned tasks - this is partly due to the high degree of dependency of his tasks. So the Sprint planning process of the team needs more refinement as we head into the future sprints.
dedicated to learning new concepts
He was assigned tasks to start with in regards to API concepts which he did
Jovan shows  a strong work ethic by consistently staying up until all daily tasks are completed.
The ability to grasp new concepts quickly is not that high. But with time she can improve. Not having a computer is an issue but maybe more effort is needed to provide computing services to students at school.
She seems interested in UIs but lacks the skills to execute it very well. Maybe some of these students should be allowed to explore frontend development more.
Use more of the documentation to deeply understand how most CI functions and hooks work and how best they can be use look up here https://www.codeigniter.com/userguide3/ but as i always say that practice is key in the process of acquiring knowledge or skill. thanks
Its all about practice. As your practice grows, you will master the skill of consuming as much information as possible
Very good
The candidate interpersonal skills and customer engagement skills have improved compared to when she joined us.
Quick learner and good listener
The candidate has learnt foundational practical application of PHP and frameworks.
SRS completed and submitted for review
Open to new platforms and programing languages while learning from URA experienced developers
able to do a portfolio online site
He is adaptive to company standards. And eager learn.
Very Good
Very good
able to do a portfolio online site
working with MySQL
Good adaptation to coding/development environment and tools used in the project.
Good team work. Contributed to the conceptual design of Raman spectroscopy
Excellent attitude towards work.
Completion of assignments on time. Timely delivery
Good work this week. Getting better with voice systems
Good network knowledge learnt and it is reflecting on Otim's work.
progressed in website and multimedia development.
Hard working and passionate about ICT
Jovan offers constructive suggestions to peers to enhance their work.
Adrone has started internship. We are going to equip him with hands-on skills for the next 6 weeks.
Demonstrated ability to pass on knowledge by taking on other interns for java fundamentals which enabled the entire team to come up to speed
He has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
I encourage Adrone to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle the semester load and internship at Stratcom with ease.
He has perfected Cisco IOS commands  and can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
With challenges of a new langague and approach of programming, there's a self management and esteem to  keep going and ask for help, a good step to learning and also to achieving great, getting to another assigment and documentation, would love to taste his ablilty to work under pressure with alot of work and timelines yet relaxed
She was collaborative
The is a need to understand the beauty of simplicity. Student sometimes over complicates simple things but this is something we can work on.
The week's objectives have been executed diligently and effectively.
Bertrand has a very good learning attitude.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks, that is , segmenting a network using VLANs and setting up the database environment for the web application.
Peter is doing well. He has successfully completed this week's tasks with ease.
The intern gained research skills and learnt how to find resources on the internet
very Good
This week was a rest week to give the interns time to prepare for their upcoming tests and I asked them to put the tasks on hold.
Promising and Always Active
https://www.mukonokings.com/
Task to be completed were to update the previous content, upgrade website infrastructure from manual code to Wordpress.
Ensure admission is working
I am impressed by how much research innocent has accomplished during the past 2 weeks to learn about LSTMs and transformers in order to implement a next word predictor for Luganda.
He has grown into a person who can handle advanced work. He is a fast learner.
Great progress thus far.
Great progress thus far.
better with MySQL Database
The intern was engaged more on continuous development of the website and the system for the department. This is due to the limited time left for the internship.
Showed great help in building the concept for KeBERA IOT device mostly on the physics and chemistry involved, Also showed great Knowledge in cross platform development and technologies since the KeBERA project is meant to be Cross platform. All in all his a well equipped personnel in the field of software development, hard working and reliable Individual. He will make a good software Engineer
Very Good
Very Good
handed in the task of the project on time
Output was not that positive for this week.
Installing and setting up Windows server 2019 continued
Adding windows server 2019 roles (DHCP, ADDS,RDP,)
Adding users and computers on windows server 2019 domain
Installing ubuntu server
Installing apache server and mysql server, phpmyadmin
Installing Samba
We have put a pause on internship activities to enable the interns to focus on their tests and assignments. We  did not conduct progress reviews this week.
Installing and setting up Windows server 2019 continued
Adding windows server 2019 roles (DHCP, ADDS,RDP,)
Adding users and computers on windows server 2019 domain
Installing ubuntu server
Installing apache server and mysql server, phpmyadmin
Installing Samba
The main task this week has been to read  about transformers which will be used in training language models for Luganda and I was satisfied with what he has covered from the review.
He has also continued to make further progress on the data cleaning pipeline for topic classification.
The intern was engaged more on continuous development of the website of the Ministry.
Angela managed to develop the homepage interface front end work, collaboratively with her teammates inorder to deliver a working prototype of the e-commerce platform assignment. Good work
He needs to do more With web technologies
Limited time of engagement due to much pressure from campus that made concentration to our projects less. He could better am sure.
He got challenges with Apache configurations but well, google helped much. He must have learned how to google solutions in this week.
We are making sure internet is provided
Mmiiro's research and computer skills are some of the best I’ve seen. He was assigned a task to integrate Admin LTE bootstrap template with laravel,having a single header though out,single nav bar  with dynamic pages.I wasn't expecting a student in beginner level to complete this  difficult task easily and in a short time frame.

I would like to express what an amazing intern Mmiiro was for me and our
department. He was unbelievably responsible, professional, personable, and a great team member! I believe that he has
an amazing future ahead of his programming. He is the type of
person that people want to work with and be around which is rare. I hope he is
proud of what he is learning!.
Very Good
His deliverable were on time regardless of the fixed schedule with school activities.
boosted Auth is Boosted's central user registration system.
Her role in the update of the system has been tremendous
.....
William has successfully implemented file upload to the data manipulation system and also went ahead to add a model for storing the csv so as to generate graphs and some visualization from it. Great work so far and his progress is promising.
Shows up on time, He has good business ideas, creative and applies concepts learnt, Dressing code is perfect
good with online websites
Sharp and fast learner, Good listener, he always ask questions during sessions, Communication skills is perfect.
Has less than a 1% error rate on work product.
Passionate about motion graphics and willing to learnt more and more, Good presenter, Has good ideas, His time management is excellent.
Timothy can now set up a wireless network with ease. He can also share resources like internet, documents.. etc on a network.
Peter managed to deliver a working prototype of the e-commerce platform he's been assigned. Great work. Keep it up
Moreen has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
He has successfully completed this week's tasks, that is, setting up the database environment for the web app and setting up a LAN with at least 20 PCs.
Udoh can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and also share resources (internet connection, documents... etc) with ease.
good with MySQL Database management system
Resty should plan her movements abit early so that she can spend less on transport.
Despite a few challenges, Aaron has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Jonathan has successfully completed this week's tasks. He has perfected cisco IOS commands and can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease. He also set up the database environment for the web application.
Samuel has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
I encourage Ambrozio to practice multitasking. By doing so, he will be able to handle semester load and internship training with ease.
Tasks completed well for this week.
Keneth has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
#NAME?
Ambrozio has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining all the new skills he has acquired.
Mercy is doing well and she is almost done with internship. I encourage her to find time to refresh and not stress herself because it's not good for her health.
Nicholas has successfully finished internship. He can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and also share resources (like internet connection, documents..etc) on a network with ease. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Michael can now set up a LAN with at least 20 PCs . He can also share resources (internet, documents..etc) with ease.
Desire has successfully finished internship. She has acquired hands-on skills in Networking & Systems Administration, Coding and PC repair / Software maintenance. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Joan has successfully completed this week's tasks. She can now set up a LAN with at least 20 PCs and also share resources (internet, documents..etc) with ease.
Her contribution to Boosted store is a value addition to the product.
The filter feature is a great addition.
Abdallah has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
She can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and also share resources like internet, documents ....etc with ease.
Successively implemented a LAN at office premises with assistance from colleagues.
#NAME?
In addition to contacting the Lead Developer at Stratcom, Winnie should also make use of the internet to perfect are coding skills.
You would have been specific with this modules completed.
However, your positive attitude towards work is highly appreciated
#NAME?
Learning sessions were attended well, tasks given were executed on time.
Very Good UI
worked further with MySQL
Mark has successfully completed this week's tasks without any challenges.
He managed the database and tables in it using MySQL databases on Xamp Localhost Server
BPL might have been a challenge to grasp due to unavailability of a standard documentation.
Davis has managed to integrate Firebase within the flutter interfaces for authentication. Continue being hardworking.
Introduced to Web administration with Apache server.
Ibrahim has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Brian can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and also share resources like internet connection, documents.. etc with ease.
So far Reagan is so attentive and responds well with progress
Installing and setting up Windows server 2019 continued
Adding windows server 2019 roles (DHCP, ADDS,RDP,)
Adding users and computers on windows server 2019 domain
Installing ubuntu server
Installing apache server and mysql server
Installing Samba
#NAME?
Ronald Besigye, He is a good person pernow the things they did are working well no problem is going on.
The problem we have now is that the employees are not feeling good with him because they a jealousy since he was put in a good place because he works well.
-He completed the landing page on Soroti FC.
-Completed the booking model for the Jinja Tour Web App.
-He attended the Hosting session for the Atara Legacy website on live C panel.
-Attended code review for the Adita project.
He is a good person not yet bad news happning in the area he greets well 
he comes in time and he doesnt complain about what he is doing
She is moving on schedule, and progressing on well
...
He was able to expose his machine's localhost to the internet using ngrok.
Hope he was inspired to develop a custom server tunnel similar
Good work on the interface, please note that you can always use slack to ask all the teammates about anything which is not clear in the API documentation
The intern was engaged more on continuous development of the website and the system for the department. This is due to the limited time left for the internship.
He should work on instant reporting on progress.
It is key
Richards can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and also share resources on a network like (internet connection, documents ...etc) with ease.
Given more time with design software, she will be able to come up with eye catching functional application interfaces for the best user experience.
Completed
Installing and setting up Windows server 2019 continued
Adding windows server 2019 roles (DHCP, ADDS,RDP,)
Adding users and computers on windows server 2019 domain
Installing ubuntu server
Installing apache server and mysql server, phpmyadmin
Installing Samba
very Good
Great work. Deborah has been consistent from the start by completing all tasks assigned to her completely, on-time and with a great attitude towards work amidst all challenges faced. She is capable of delivering in a high-pressure work environment. Impressive!
Joseph is doing more research on some new technologies that should help him to be able to push ahead the assignments he currently has.
very good and commited student
This week we reviewed the code Roy wrote for the assigned project. The provided work demonstrated his understanding of the task. We have now added him to our GitHub repo to familiarize himself with our in-house product. We hope Roy will modified it to be ready to conduct a demo before the client in a few weeks.
Showed ability to work as a group through discussion with the rest. still Debugging and error handling an issue.
Showed some flexibility and adaptability by learning new things about PHP, a language he had not yet worked with before.
Slow progress on the frontend development but there is an eagerness to learn.
Commended for quick TAT in setting up new computers and complying to the installation procedures
Reagan has perfected Cisco IOS commands. He can now configure layer 2 and 3 devices with ease.
Iffah has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Alex is hard working.
Assignment was completed as required. Maria is a quick learner and needs to pay attention to details
Good creativity
Great Work Here
Angella, hosted the soroticityfc.com website on the remote server using the cpanel.
#NAME?
Amazing intern.
He was not well this week, quick recovery.
Focus was on database development and he progressed.
He progressed in multimedia this week.
Progressive   although he wasn't familiar with the adobe suite but was able to catch up.
Very passionate about ICT
Good
#NAME?
Jolly is flexible and has overtime demonstrated a keen interest to learn and get acquainted with IT aspects beyond just IT Risk Management
Progress is good. We decided to improve the application layout specifically the dashboard content before moving on to the next tasks.
good progress made on the department web application
Jeremiah has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Hard working.
Doing well
Mesarch is an amazing intern
Mesarch is a great intern. He is destined for stardom
Proud of you. Stay phenomenal
Very good
Gilbert has made great progress with the image classification task. He managed to fix the error in his evaluation and was able to make modifications to improve the precision of the model. He has faced some challenges with compiling the correct optimizer and loss function for the transfer learning experiment but I have given him a hint on how to improve this.
Worked with Flutter framework and testing APIs using tools such as postman
Tasks completed on time
Good timer
#NAME?
-He is learning more concepts in java .steady improvements.
Always bit deadlines
The training session very great the learner had good basic knowledge of databases
Good database management skills
Ms. Nakityo finished making the design of the landing page of the Quiz app in Figma
Challenged by  fixed program and time since they were about to do the tests.
#NAME?
Good knowledge and passion for the IT field.
There is need to master the art of summarizing reports. You can comment better than this.
She showed a lot of effort to learn the new tool Bizagi to draw and analyze process diagrams using Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN).It was new to her however her work is commendable.

Her data entry in the Assets and Inventory System (AIMS) was commendable
Olivia is steadily making progress with her assignments especially on postgress database and supporting staff on use of ACMIS
Despite a very tight schedule, John has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
-She analyzed data for University data for a chance of admit using the regression prediction in python and R programme.
He is very passionate and wants to learn and improve!
Through teamwork and cooperation, he is progressing well with the project. Add more efforts and time for efficiency and effectiveness.
Needs to dedicate more time to the work. Otherwise balancing is a problem
Overtime of research and asking questions and help has enbled his progres, i like it that he is directed and committed to learning and hit deadlines. most of all humble.
keep pushing and you will keep getting better.
Student has demonstrated capabilities of being a software developer with strength in database management
Week 6. Mutooni and group looked at Domains. in this they were given a server to set up and configure domains. This took them some time because they had to configure the network and also configure the server. however, they succeeded. credit to Mutooni and her team.
Limited time of interaction with him due to clashing school and  company activities
He showed commendable effort throughout the version control training.
Challenges were noted with certain commands and configurations, but he effectively leverages online platforms like YouTube and StackOverflow to troubleshoot his way out of technical conundrums.
Exhibited team work during the setup of the resource center
Noticed improved communication skills
Demonstrated ability to communicate challenges and flexibility in the work place
Great progress thus far.
He has got very good skills necessary for the working environment. He has been leading the fellow internees in completing tasks and ICT work present.
He's conscientious and confident in his work. It has been a pleasure for our entire staff to have Marvin as part of our staff
Has very good work ethics and follows direction well as he was extremely eager to learn and take on new challenges.
Student completed the abovementioned tasks as mentioned above to satisfaction.
I loved the way she handled a very complex customer. To me she showed a very important trait which is called client expectation management.
Student completed the abovementioned tasks as mentioned above to satisfaction and is progressing well.
He managed to install MySQL database Suite and demonstrated a good ability to create and managing databases.
Very Good
TRUE
Good Knowledge and skills demonstrated in databases and website designing using Content Management Systems "WordPress".
Great Attention to detail.
In this case GoDaddy is a hosting company. It would be clear if you hosted using godaddy however, there some cool hosting services available for such purposes
Mariam's progress has been good during the internship period with us though it was greatly affected with her having to balance internship with lectures.
Brian provided technical support to users of the new electronic document system through which he was able to demonstrate a full understanding of the system. He also learned about virtualization such as remote desktop and virtual servers. Brian was able to monitor and analyze the network of the ministry using Wireshark software.
He has perfected Cisco IOS commands and can now configure layer 2 & 3 devices with ease.
I encourage Malcom to use PCs at Stratcom when setting up a wired network.
Malcom has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
#NAME?
Work went well not much to say
Our last of internship.
Good
incident, service request and change ticket management
#NAME?
Jonathan has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Mark has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Assignment was done satisfactory
able to retrieve data
completed a music site task
Always inqustive to learn more
We have suspended internship activities this week to enable the students to focus on their upcoming tests and assignments. Some progress has been made towards training a language model for a MLM task in Luganda.
Managed to configure VLAN and both dynamic and static routing
Very Good
Takes pride in work and strives to improve work performance.
good witj retrieving data
Lukia has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
There is more to learn in terms of On and Off page search engine optimisation
Great work through this project though there is a lot of room for improvement
Mark has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Joan has successfully finished internship. She is supposed to write end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
Indeed, William has always given in his best to practice, and has managed to implement his own machine learning project, so that he can apply all the skills he has acquired throughout this internship. Thanks for giving in time to practice and for the project. Try your best to finalize the remaining part within the shortest time.
Learned new skill of developing APIs in java which is fundamental in the next gen programming
Great work Marvin. He has managed to integrate firebase with the business to business flutter application. Continue being hardworking
Marvin has worked hand in hand with his team members to implement the business to business project.
Samuel has successfully finished internship. He has acquired hands-on skills in Coding, Networking & Systems Administration, PC repair / Software maintenance. We wish him the very best.
Brian demonstrated his web development skills by successfully designing a new web page for the Ministry.
Samuel has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Weekly tasks completed as assigned.
The prototype was presented by the Intern to the Supervisor and feedback was discussed to inform further development.
Winnie has successfully completed this week's tasks. She is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills she has acquired.
He has successfully completed this week's main tasks of setting up a wireless network and accessing devices remotely using remote desktop connection.
Though it was a challenging week, She teamed well and had results delivered. Keep up the good team spirit.
Concentrating on his project
Practicing what was trained earlier (Server Installation (Windows server 2019 and Ubuntu server, Hardware maintainance and repair, Troubleshooting)
A long side redesign of the website, Linda was tasked to provide some end user support to the National ICT Initiatives Support Programme (NIISP) Implementation Team which she performed very well and the Supervisor for that task was pleased with her work.
The prototype was presented by the Intern to the Supervisor and feedback was discussed for further development.
Quick learner, flexible , commended for IT servicedesk support , pcs installation and overall customer service
#NAME?
Completed
Progressing well with the project and his determination and hard work has enabled him apply the flutter and firebase knowledge in implementing the login and sign-up pages of the application as well as the backend to allow user details be stored on the database. Keep it up and add more efforts so as to implement the next part of the system in the shortest time possible.
Good work, keep up
Despite a tight schedule, Bhan has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
I have reviewed the notebooks shared by Mubarak and he managed to implement a data processing pipeline using image data generators. This is an important task to learn as it optimizes the data loading during the training of the model and can lead to an improved training process.
Always available and flexible
Limited time of engagement due to much pressure from campus that made concentration to our projects less. He could better am sure.
Student has continued to show efforts towards accomplishing the assignments.
Extra effort will be geared towards having him meet the system users for more clarity.
finished automated tests for Y-save web application which are working as expected.
Completed
The reception of this week's learning subject - Cyber Security and System Administration was great and it the desire to learn was good.
The week went well. Students had a background in Digital Marketing and so the concepts introduced were familiar.
Website up and running, now on the Shift management system, to add more functionality
Winding up the internship, though still engaging her with the system
Mark sought guidance whenever he needed it and this helped him learn faster and enjoy his classes.
He has managed to fix the issues with the loss functions for the transfer learning experiments and the model evaluation shows  a slight improvement in the classification task. He has also read and implemented more metrics for the evaluation of the model which will improve his skill in evaluating classification problems in general.
Continually offered ideas to solve a certain computation hand we encountered during working and most times during learning.
Progressing well but slowed down due to tests however we hope catchup after they are completed
Givious has successfully completed internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Natasha encountered some challenges that prevented her from accomplishing the assigned tasks. I have changed the task and asked her to implement a logistic regression model to predict the class of the submitted image. This conclusion was reached after reviewing the previous regression task as something that may be too complex to achieve at the moment. I have asked her to explore features that can be used to accomplish this.
Limited activity at work due to interruption from school activities.
querying and retrieving data
#NAME?
He can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and also share resources like internet, and documents with ease.
Bertrand has done excellent work throughout his internship period. He has demonstrated a very commendable work ethic, learning mindset and impressive technical aptitude.
VLAN Configurations, Static and Dynamic Routing
He managed to design a personal blog using WordPress Content Management System.
Introduction to Networks (identifying network devices and how they interconnect)
Cable color arrangements
Cable termination (straight through and cross over cables)
physical connection of the network devices (cables, switch, router, and end user devices (computers))
Patience needs more time to understand her core networking around layer one and layer two of the OSI model. More effort towards understanding how devices connect will imparted going forward.
Demonstrated good knowledge of database management skills.
He can do well in Graphics designing
Mercy has successfully finished internship. She  has acquired hands-on skills in Coding, Networking & Systems Administration and PC repair/ software maintenance.
Emmanuel is a quick learner and continues to learn all of the aspects of working in start-up tech company. There is a wide range of work to be done and thus far, he has jumped in head-first to learn the many aspects of the company.
Very Good
The reception of this week's learning subject - Cyber Security and System Administration was great and it the desire to learn was good.
Malik was enthusiastic, energetic, and displayed positive behavior.
The week went well. Students had a background in Digital Marketing and so the concepts introduced were familiar.
Adapted to new concepts and tools well and sought out training to enhance knowledge, skills and abilities.
Manasseh has managed to integrate Firebase within the flutter interfaces for authentication. Keep moving.
Manasseh managed to integrate Firebase to the business to business flutter application on the login and signup pages, managed to implement the interface for cart, view profile, settings and favourites. He is promising and tried his best to give in time so as to implement some parts of the business to business platform. Keep it up and add more efforts to acquire the best as you're implementing the project  .
Michael has successfully completed internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
She worked remotely and it was not that easy to coordinate
He is a nice person i have no bad impressions about him thats what all i can say about him 
Though we shall miss him after the internship because he was already into our system everything going on well.
Richards has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
The internet is a good resource for reading more about different javascript libraries. Also you should aim at building for mobile devices first when building an interface
The reception of this week's learning subject - Cyber Security and System Administration was great and it the desire to learn was good.
The week went well. Students had a background in Digital Marketing and so the concepts introduced were familiar.
did tasks assigned
Despite a few challenges, Alvin has managed to finish internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Miss Nakityo completed the designs for the Dashboard and Notifications pages.
Quick learner and good listener
Scrapping software was completed as required.
The website in this case is the Boosted Store App
Great work, Hastings! Fully dedicated and hardworking young man even when things don’t work perfectly fine.
He although needs to get a better laptop.
Innocent already has a good background with python and he has completed all the data analysis tasks with pandas  this week. I look forward to working with him.
Was supposed to modify the account creation feature for Boosted Academy.
Response to this tasks has been slow due to new app infrastructure he had not interfaced with.
However, he tried to cope up
he did well in this session
the above headlines were achieved by rogers
Good work done so far! Much more than I expected given the start.
showing good levels of adaptability by switching from writing java to writing javascript, PHP, and HTML in order to move the project forward.
Progressive .
She exhibited her coding skills in the new stack that was introduced to her (Angular-Python-MSSQL)
The student needs to continue improving her skills in multi-tasking and managing her time well to maximize her productivity.
Promising in Graphics Designing
Bridget is exceptional, I sometimes drop very complex tasks at her and she solves them. Some tasks are so advanced that I don't expect a student to solve but she does. If she maintains this spirit, she is going to do very well in her future endeavors.

She has a future with our company if she chooses to stay with us on a halftime basis till she is done with school and after that, we would consider taking her on full-time.
She respects everyone with good communication skills.
She can do better with graphics designing in Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator.
All tasks completed
All tasks completed on time
Tasks were very well excuted
Brian has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Jovan is a great worker with fantastic computational and organizational skills. He is extremely professional and has excellent communication skills.
very dependable and always willing to go above and beyond expectations.
despite a few challenges , Boris has successfully completed this weeks tasks
Boris can now successfully configure layer 2 and 3 networking devices easily
i encourage Boris to practice multitasking  by doing this he will be able to handle the semester load and internship with ease
Boris has successfully finished internship , he is supposed to write end of internship report explaining all the new skills he has acquired
This period was very busy as ICT department upgraded old resource centers at Development house and Queen's Chambers by replacing all the old equipment with new ones. In the same period, new resource center was created in Kingdom Kampala and all the equipment installed and connected to internet. Mr Sinani and the ICT team did a commendable job. I strongly believe he learned and gained alot in the course of these activities
Mr Sinani has good understanding of user support and has been troubleshooting and fixing many ICT problems such as network breakdown, printer issues, repairing/installing OS, etc. He has been very active and resourceful to the department during the period of his training.
Mr Sinani took part in the repair of computers and printers along side a company contracted by ICT department of Parliament to carry out comprehensive repairs of all faulty computers and printers. The exercise was very enriching in terms of knowledge acquisition and learning. In addition to that he has been providing user support to staff and MPs.
was able to use Selenium to write automated tests for one of our web applications, quite impressed
did an Accounting project
Student completed the abovementioned tasks as mentioned above to satisfaction. Also learnt about Active directory management on a network.
Student learnt about the topics and completed the abovementioned tasks as mentioned above to satisfaction.
Completed:

General IT support continued
Remote connection using RDS, and Team viewer
Good project submitted before the deadline
Website fairly done. She must have gotten confidence with working with WordPress
Introduced to web server system administration with Apache server.
Although I was not physically in touch with her, she tried to complete everything.
TRUE
She has successfully completed the project I gave her for this internship training session.
I have asked David to start drafting his internship report and share a draft for evaluation.   
Also since exams are coming up soon, we have decided to extend the pause on the internship activities.
Excellent team spirit, hence the ability to learn from his peers and progress as expected
It was a great session for Al.
In here, he was introduction to concepts of Computer repair and maintenance
Completed
This week was dedicated to the Ministry website re-design and on design of a document management system for the department. The System Requirements were discussed and agreed upon with the Supervisor.
William finalized with the internship data manipulation system using Django as the back-end due to his commitment and sacrifice. We are looking forward to working with you in future projects.
Tasks completed
Reported on time and he demonstrated great ability in Linux Administration
He can comfortably open a computer machine, dismantle it and assemble it
The Sort and filter feature contributed by the team is in works though not that optmised.
Good at learning and flexible to changes
Joshua managed to use linear Regression on Boston House Price prediction dataset and has shown expertise in using the different Sklearn methods and modules.
Dickens can now set up a LAN with over 20 PCs and also share resource like (internet connection, documents... etc) on the network.
Dickens has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Progressive since it, was the first week in internship.
This week he was challenged by the computer ,but since it was more of hardware and maintenance week he was able to go through.
Progressive
Progressive
Progressive in systems development ,focus on design  stage
Progressive
Progressive but disturbed by the environment at campus
He managed to integrate the back-end to the flutter application, data manipulation system as well as doing weekly data science assignments to improve on his data science skills.
Introduction to Networks (identifying network devices and how they interconnect)
Cable color arrangements
Cable termination (straight through and cross over cables)
physical connection of the network devices (cables, switch, router, and end user devices (computers))
Practicing what was trained to them, server installation and setting up (Ubuntu and windows server 2019)
Hardware maintainance and repair
Troubleshooting
This week was dedicated to the Ministry website re-design and on design of a document management system for the department. The intern discussed the system requirements with the Supervisor.
Engagement with the users was delayed due to conflicting priorities
We have currently put a pause on internship activities to enable the students to focus on their classwork and assignments. This week all the interns participated in an app testing exercise to give feedback to the developers.
Displayed ability of developing into a great software developer with the desired soft skills to back up the technology aspects. Overall, his additions to URA business have taken her mandate a step forward.
Demonstrated ability to work with platforms of different database management systems and having them share data
Continued with the excellent team spirit which enabled completion of assigned tasks
Generally a good student to work with.
He is working fine and committed towards executing daily duties and tasks as assigned
Limited time of interaction with him due to clashing school and  company activities
Limited time of interaction with him due to clashing school and  company activities
Engaged in Information Technology Service Management activities, thus acquiring skills in incident, SR and IT change management activities
Engaged with the business process management team to understand the practical ways of getting system requirements and how these requirements are transformed into actual systems.
Database logical structure completed.
Commended for all the support provided especially to the infrastructure section during the internship period
The data preprocessing required to prepare text data for the language modeling tasks has been completed.
Joseph is steadily making progress with his assignments especially on bash scripting
Joseph was involved in soliciting some requirements  for developing the Hospital Management system that is being done here in DICTS
Samuel has finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired. We wish him the very best.
Olivia was involved in soliciting some requirements for developing the hospital management system that is being done here in DICTS
Student submitted the presentation and concept on the Storage management system as mentioned. It was okay.
Student completed the mentioned activities.
Student has made good progress on the system, managed to present prototype.
Student completed tasks as mentioned. Still collecting system requirements from stakeholders as the coding continues.
He has learnt a lot and gained practical knowledge in computer systems. He is an active individual
week 7. this was her final week. In this she did her summary in all departments and started on her final report. 
it's been good working with Mutooni. She's a quick learner and organized, always finished assigned tasks. If she continues with the determination, she will be successful in whatever she does.
This week was dedicated to the Ministry website re-design and on design of a document management system for the department. The Linda together with other Interns discussed the system requirements with the Supervisor.
Yet to see the system running on the stick. Otherwise has generally been a good student
nan
understood incident management
learnt how to provision zoom licences
understood the different components of the DC
the student was exposed to practical aspects of cloud computing and how NITA-U provisions cloud resources
exposure to Service requests and how they are related to service level agreements with clients
exposed to interactive web applications and how they are used to deliver e-services to clients
Good work.
the intern learned organizational design, set up and management which form a greater part of information systems management
Always refer to the documentation. always
the intern understood how to troubleshoot software-related challenges especially from the windows environment
Good work on the sms, Don't hesitate to ask me about anything regarding sms implementation
The student got troubleshooting skills regarding the challenges experienced in installing FTP on virtual machines, how FTP can be used to transfer files on a network.
Jonathan was exposed to the functionalities and components of the DC.
She is such a good team player
he loves databases and he has been improving every day
chemutai is commited student
Emmanuel has successfully implemented file upload to the data manipulation system and also went ahead to add a model for storing the csv so as to generate graphs and some visualization from it. Great work so far and his progress is promising.
Limited time of engagement due to much pressure from campus that made concentration to our projects less. He could better am sure.
Indeed, Emmanuel has always given in his best to practice, and has managed to implement his own machine learning project, so that he can apply all the skills he has acquired throughout this internship. Thanks for giving in time to practice and for the project. Try your best to finalize the remaining part within the shortest time.
Introduction to Networks (identifying network devices and how they interconnect)
Cable color arrangements
Cable termination (straight through and cross over cables)
physical connection of the network devices (cables, switch, router, and end user devices (computers))
Emmanuel finalized with the internship data manipulation system using Django as the back-end due to his commitment and sacrifice. We are looking forward to working with you in future projects.
Always on time and willing to work in group settings.
Good and can execute better
You have demonstrated great willingness to work and having tasks completed on time. Keep it up
Ms. Rashidah has maintained  consistency in ensuring that tasks allocated to her are handled with high technical competence. She is encouraged to continue doing more desk research.
Ms. Rashdah is encouraged to continue research on asset and service level management. The teamwork levels are very good.Keep it up
Created good rapport with the team during induction, and picked up well on the collaboration tools. Was able to clone the two main organisation repositories i.e backend and frontend
Curious and inquisitive, managed to set up the repos with initial onboarding from more experienced colleagues on the team. Showed initiative by setting up a flask app to better understand the setup structure
This is one of the best things done because it has reduced our power consumption. Keep it up
Awath showed a good leadership spirit by helping fellow interns set up the code base and also manage to interact with it. Demonstrated the ability to work with concepts new to him like working with environment variables. Satisfactory time management in attending meetings
Meticulously executed his task and raise a Pull Request to commit the changes to the staging environment. Followed the team standards and got his work reviewed and merged.
He is determined to finish what he started and that is a very good quality in a developer most of the time.
he loves databases and will be a good database adminstrator
he will be a good database adminstrator
Despite David being being beginner in flutter, he has expressed his commitment through successfully integrating the front and back end of the application using Firebase.
Managed to research and present his findings about a task testing his understanding of the python DateTime module. Worked on his minimal flask application, reviewed and advised to proceed with the next stage of the application. Timely attendance of meetings. Asked questions when he needed a better understanding of a concept.
Led a successful team sprint alongside other interns, and managed to deploy his flask application on the cranecloud platform demonstrating a good understanding of the platform. Took the initiative of reminding his teammates to join sprint meetings and a demo.
Was part of the team that discussed a new feature on using credits as part of the platform billing.
Successfully executed feedback on tasks he was working on and led pre-demo and demo meetings successfully. Was more confident during his presentations. Successfully completed the eight-week internship as required by the University
Student learnt about the topics and completed the abovementioned tasks as mentioned above to satisfaction. Overall, the student has been helpful to the organization and seems to have benefited in terms of knowledge during the internship period.
Good Understanding of the Linux Operating Systems
Work has started on the building of a regression model to predict the number of data points per month. She has successfully completed the EDA and data cleaning to prepare the data for modelling. I have also given her a reading exercise about how to handle missing data.
She has completed the tasks given to her albeit with some minor issues. This involved identifying which features to use and what to use as the target variable. She was able to group the number of data points by month which was the main hidden task in this assignment and I am impressed.
She has created her first regression model which is an important milestone. There were a few concerns about the selection of features used to model the target variable and in the next few weeks we shall work on how to improve the baseline. I have also asked her to read about the different metrics for evaluating regression models
We have put a pause on internship activities this week to enable the students focus on their tests and assignments.
I have reviewed Halimah's submissions this week and I am impressed with progress she has made on the end -to-end pipeline for the regression  model which now includes the evaluation part. She has also been advised on how to prepare the categorical variables to avoid potential misrepresentation of features in the dataset.
He has shown outstanding skills in multi-tasking where he has integrated Firebase to the business to business flutter application on the login and signup pages, as well as integrating Django back-end to the data manipulation system. With time, Joshua will be a very great developer. Put in more efforts and don't give up.
Ms. Rashidah has gained some knowledge on sharing resources using virtual machines. She has also gained competence in building PCs.
Ms. Rashidah has been a dedicated Intern. The desire to keep learning on a daily will help her gain greater heights.
The experiments this week have focused on making alterations to the mode too improve the accuracy. This involved changing the model architecture to include batch normalization and the training tasks are still in progress. I have also asked him to start drafting the internship report and share it for review.
Always willing to learn and practice new skills and engage practically in the training.
The reception of this week's learning subject - Cyber Security and System Administration was great and it the desire to learn was good.
The week went well. Students had a background in Digital Marketing and so the concepts introduced were familiar.
Internship concluded
Patience exhibited maturity and ownership when she represented the company at the Road show. She has "hidden" marketing and sales skills which is a plus given her technical abilities. We have recommended her for more company representations going forward.
AL's SRS documents have been matching our quality requirements
Frequent feedback needed while working remotely.
He is compliant
Good TIme Management and team Work Skills.
We wish Brian the very best.
The tasks expected to be delivered included introducing the cache system with redis to the https://auth.boostedtechs.com . However, our contract ends in this week without more key modules being integrated to the boosted auth upgrade.
Completed:
               Configuring the network (VLAN) using the network software (Putty)
                Configuring the network devices (router, switches, computers)
               Creation of Vlans, and general security network configurations.
               Trunking ports and setting the Access ports as per the identified Vlans
got exposed to business analysts and how stories of clients are translated into code.
the intern learnt and was exposed to power management in the DC and how different DC services such as colocation and Backup as a service works.
Indulge more of self into research so that you can polish up to the best
Good
She must have been greatful through the system administration tasks directed to her.
Promising student
The trainee handled user support and also participated in the repairs of computers and printers. He has also been troubleshooting network breakdown
Concentration to tasks reduced in this week
Patrick is a promising student please keep it up
..
Miss Nakityo finalized working on the functionality of the Notifications and Results pages.
Miss Nakityo was able to work on the Score feature for the students and finish it.
She is promising
Performing user acceptance tests helped the intern to deal with the actual issues before setting the systems to operations
Innocent has managed to build an LSTM model for the next word prediction for Luganda which is a very impressive milestone. The next steps will involve making optimizations to this baseline and I look forward to working with him even after the internship.
Student faced the challenge of a lost laptop, has been provided a temporary ministry laptop to complete the remainder of the task and is progressing well.
He is always looking for tasks. Very enthusiastic
He is learning a lot
His system’s development supervisor says he is a quick learn and loves to do his assignments in time.
He needs to do more projects to perfect his programming skills.
.
I have asked Halimah to start working on her internship report and submit it for review.
Completed:
               Configuring the network (VLAN) using the network software (Putty)
                Configuring the network devices (router, switches, computers)
               Creation of Vlans, and general security network configurations.
               Trunking ports and setting the Access ports as per the identified Vlans
Completed:
               Configuring the network (VLAN) using the network software (Putty)
                Configuring the network devices (router, switches, computers)
               Creation of Vlans, and general security network configurations.
               Trunking ports and setting the Access ports as per the identified Vlans   
               Configuring DHCP server on a router
Engaging teammate
Engaging teammate
Engaging teammate
Facing a new language and most of all, the assigned project is a FinTech subject, he is facing alot of bugs and errors however, gladly making research and reading about it and fixing the bugs, thats good
Very good and good understanding Computer problem Diagnostics
She managed to design a simple FLyer and Business Card for herself using Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator.
She can do well if more efforts are invested.
Very Good Knowledge of Computer
Successfully installed Microsoft word to the computers and modification of the system
Improved time management despite required attention from university activities.
Hope you have learned something from your experience with the bank. Best of luck in rest of your studies.
Improved inter personal skill while working with staff and fellow interns.
Confident while carrying out tasks.
Timothy has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
The intern has coped up and learnt data collection and analysis principles. They have been able to apply this knowledge to one of our database applications for our services.
She is learning how to adapt to practical way of learning software development skills through hands on practical and applied skills  of the software development life cycle.
Juma is self motivated and focused
Completed working with APIs by fetching data from MYSQL databases
He is teachable
There is need to engage more with other staff
He was engaging through this week
Week completed and waiting for internship report
Covered the major aspects of software development life cycle, demonstrated knowledge in software development, acquired the soft skills and some experience needed to thrive in a work environment. Demonstrated potential of a becoming an excellent programmer
THEY ARE GOOD STUDENTS
he was really good with tablespaces
he is commited
The above headlines were achieved by the students and they are really good learner
This task was successfully completed
The previously collected requirements for the food management system were revised with what was implemented and the server monitoring tool was further set up to provide clear metrics
The team and him were able to collect complete requirements as required
Intern managed to set up a monitoring tool on one of the servers. This was an exercise to put their DevOps skills to the test.
This was impressive work. The intern opened grounds for a new product for the company.
The week went well. Students had a background in Digital Marketing and so the concepts introduced were familiar.
It was best to attach the intern to an actual project for exposure. This helped him have his skills leveled up and made him familiar with the ongoing project. The on-boarding session went well.
He managed to complete the task as expected. He presented all challenges faced and was advised accordingly. Nice work for the intern
Very good conduct.
Always reporting on TIme.
The student is coping up with practical application of system design and architecture.
Very good
Reagan has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Very good
Very good
Very good
Very good
Good report writing
Good job
Peter has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Venensio has successfully finished internship. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
Adrone has successfully finished internship. He has acquired hands-on skills in Coding, Networking & Systems Administration, PC repair and software maintenance. He is supposed to present end of internship report explaining in detail all the new skills he has acquired.
good
introduced to website designing
hosted websites
worked with cpanels
started mysql databases
able to do tasks assigned
good with website designing and database management
Yiga has shared a draft of his report for internship and I have advised and made a few comments on how he can improve it
He faced a new challenge that he is step by step trying to handle systematically and, surprising embrassing a new Langauge which is good
Samuel has started internship. We are going to equip him hands-on skills in Networking & Systems Administration, PC repair & Software maintenance and Coding.
